"Corrugated SupervisorJobs at International PaperView all jobsCorrugated SupervisorSealy, TX · ManufacturingApply NowWhat if you were given the opportunity and responsibility to make a difference? It is time to embrace your Infinite Possibilities. This is your opportunity to be part of International Paper, a Fortune 500 company and global leader in paper and packaging products. IP is known for our commitment to the environment and to cutting-edge technology. We have spent more than 100 years creating new ideas, and we are looking for people who can collaborate to help us build on our history, while creating future success. We are committed to attracting, preparing, promoting and supporting our teams. At International Paper, you control your destiny. We offer benefits, challenges, global opportunities and total rewards. When we say Infinite Possibilities, we mean it.Corrugator/Production Supervisor – 2nd Shift – Sealy, TexasInternational Paper (http://www.internationalpaper.com) is the world’s largest paper and forest products company. Primary businesses include paper and packaging products for a variety of end uses. International Paper is a Fortune 100 Company with operations around the globe.We currently have an opening for a Production Supervisor (Corrugator) at our Sealy, Texas plant. This facility manufactures corrugated packaging products for local and national customers.We are looking for a motivated individual who is capable of performing a multitude of supervisory functions in a flexible, fast-paced production environment. Our workplace requires supervisors who understand the needs of the business while maintaining a focus on safety, customer satisfaction, quality, productivity and engagement of crew members.This position reports to the Site Manager and has responsibility for the direction of production employees on 2nd Shift. In addition to daily operational responsibilities, the successful candidate will be responsible for implementing and maintaining systems, driving manufacturing improvements as well as leading, coaching, motivating and engaging the work teams to accomplish operational objectives.This position requires 3-5 years of experience in the packaging industry including experience with converting equipment and operations. Strong leadership, organizational and communication skills are required.Specific competencies include drive for results, problem solving, building effective teams, confronting direct reports, action oriented, integrity, functional/technical skills, customer focus, learning on the fly.International Paper offers a competitive salary and an excellent benefits package that includes medical, dental, disability, life and accident insurance, vacation as well as a 401(k) plan and retirement savings account. This is a great opportunity to start a career with a dynamic and proven manufacturer in the packaging industry.Qualified candidates should express interest by applying online at internationalpaper.com.International Paper is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/VInternational Paper is an Equal Opportunity Employer - Minorities/Females/Individuals with Disabilities/Veterans.Apply NowMore OpeningsSr. Network Engineer III (Memphis Relo)Atlanta, GAReliability EngineerSavannah, GAContinuous Improvement ManagerFt Wayne, INContinuous Improvement ManagerSpotswood, NJSr. Network Engineer IIIMemphis, TNShare This JobPowered by"
