"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs20 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEnergy - Wind Climate Change/ Resiliency Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLA Management Green Building - Sustainable Development Wildland and Forest Fire ControlRefine by Job CategoriesForestry (731) Sustainability (18) Conservation/ Natural Resources (13) Communication - Public Outreach (11) Environmental Education - Interpretation (10) Advocacy and Policy (10)Biology - Ecology (5) Waste Management - Recycling (5) Outdoor Recreation - Guides- Trails - Wilderness (5) Research (4) Environmental Protection (4) Administrator/Executive (3) Energy (3) Environmental Science - Engineering (3) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (3) Renewable Energy (3) GIS - Remote Sensing (3) Watershed - Stormwater - Wastewater (3) Admin Assistant/Environmental Support (3) Cultural Resources (2) Energy Efficiency (2) Environmental Planning - NEPA (2) Environmental & Energy Law (2) Water Quality (2) Fisheries - Marine Science - Aquatic Biology (2) Parks (2) Hazardous Waste - RCRA -Toxics (1) Wildlife - Endangered Species - Biodiversity (1) Air Quality (1) Law Enforcement (1) Oceans - Estuaries - Coastal Resiliency (1)MoreRefine by StateMassachusetts (6) California (2) Colorado (2) Remote (2) District of Columbia (1) Louisiana (1)New York (1) Texas (1) Vermont (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisProgram Director, Salazar Center for North American ConservationSalazar Center for North American Conservation Fort Collins, CO, USAThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Jan 12, 2021Full timeThe Program Director will oversee the programmatic initiatives of The Salazar Center, working closely with the Center’s Director and staff to engage the world’s leading experts in conservation, and the sciences relevant to conservation, in an ongoing process of trans-disciplinary dialogue, assessment and problem solving. They will help to design and implement programs that join public and private-sector stakeholders, researchers, and students in the co-generation of knowledge and the co-design of new approaches and strategies for effective conservation in the face of significant and ongoing environmental and societal changes. For full job announcement, visit https://jobs.colostate.edu/postings/82350 CSU is an EO/EA/AA employer and conducts background checks on all final candidates.Manager, Clean Energy and ClimateCeres Boston, MA, USAManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including...Dec 29, 2020Full timeManager, Clean Energy & Climate Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate, will organize and coordinate work with investors, companies and other key stakeholders focused on encouraging companies to make ambitious corporate clean energy commitments. This position will collaborate closely with various teams across the organization working on corporate clean energy and climate commitments and policy. The Manager, Clean Energy & Climate will manage key projects and campaigns, including...Board MemberHudson Center for Community and Environment RemoteHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Dec 29, 2020Flexible - Several OptionsHudson Center for Community and Environment is a non-profit organization whose mission is to preserve, protect, and restore the Hudson River Valley of New York and its associated communities, provide innovative environmental programs and advocacy, and promote environmental justice. We currently seek volunteer board members that support and share our mission, can help plan our activities, can attend occasional events in the region, and participate in our bi-monthly virtual meetings. We encourage a diverse range of applicants, particularly those who are interested in environmental protection and preservation of the Hudson River Valley and its associated communities.Senior Manager, Food and ForestsCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Manager, Food and Forests (Forest Carbon Credit) Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Food and Forests team works to protect forests from the impacts of agriculture, largely with a focus on influencing the largest food and beverage companies to improve the sustainability of their agricultural sourcing policies and practices. We are seeking a Senior Manager, Food and Forests to support key projects on the role of forests and land in corporate climate strategies. The Senior Manager...Dec 01, 2020Full timeSenior Manager, Food and Forests (Forest Carbon Credit) Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Food and Forests team works to protect forests from the impacts of agriculture, largely with a focus on influencing the largest food and beverage companies to improve the sustainability of their agricultural sourcing policies and practices. We are seeking a Senior Manager, Food and Forests to support key projects on the role of forests and land in corporate climate strategies. The Senior Manager...Sustainability InternWalking Mountains Science Center Avon, CO, USASustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable Destination Certification...Jan 20, 2021Internship- PaidSustainability Interns gain new skills in environmental sustainability while providing education and outreach in the Eagle Valley community. Interns will learn hands-on skills in fostering sustainable behaviors while also gaining valuable experience in how mountain communities, governments, and businesses are taking action and monitoring their environmental impacts. The experiential learning focuses heavily on “Zero Waste,” recycling, and waste diversion. Interns staff zero waste events throughout the summer, ranging from small community concerts to large multi-day festivals. Interns are responsible for managing the waste stream at events and providing zero waste education and outreach for the community. Concurrently, interns have the opportunity to pursue projects within the Walking Mountains Sustainability & Stewardship Program Department in the following programs: • Actively Green Sustainable Business Certification • Mountain IDEAL Sustainable Destination Certification...Forestry Operations ManagerHudson Valley Native Landscaping Ulster County, NY, USAHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...Jan 18, 2021Full timeHudson Valley Native Landscaping is a family-owned business that has been serving residential property owners throughout New York’s Hudson Valley since 2009. In our forestry division, we restore woodlands, manually remove invasive plants, and incorporate permaculture philosophies. In our native landscaping division, we design and plant gardens. Demand is growing for this type of service and we are perfectly positioned to lead in the marketplace. The long-term opportunities for you in the residential field are enormous. As an Operations Manager, you will draw upon your knowledge of forest ecology, while supervising and working side by side with your team to directly improve the health and biology of our client’s yards & woodlands. We invite you to join our team in bringing this rapidly growing company to the next level. Job Description: Plan and supervise field work in the restoration of impaired edge habitat. Provide knowledgeable consultations for...Campus OrganizerWork for Progress For the foreseeable future, all of our staff are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic.Students are often at the forefront of movements to build a better future for our country. Whether or not those students make real progress depends on whether they are organized, have the skills to be effective and have a strategic plan to get things done. The Student PIRGs have been working for 50 years to amplify the power of student activism, and help students make real change, right now. By recruiting, training and working alongside student activists on campaigns that get results, our organizers are helping to build a greener and healthier future. And as the nation has struggled with the COVID-19 pandemic, we’ve made sure that our crucial organizing work can happen digitally — and launched campaigns to advocate for policies that will keep people healthy and safe during the crisis. Our chapters on campuses across the country provide the training, professional support and resources students need to tackle climate change, protect public health, revitalize our democracy by...Jan 13, 2021Full timeStudents are often at the forefront of movements to build a better future for our country. Whether or not those students make real progress depends on whether they are organized, have the skills to be effective and have a strategic plan to get things done. The Student PIRGs have been working for 50 years to amplify the power of student activism, and help students make real change, right now. By recruiting, training and working alongside student activists on campaigns that get results, our organizers are helping to build a greener and healthier future. And as the nation has struggled with the COVID-19 pandemic, we’ve made sure that our crucial organizing work can happen digitally — and launched campaigns to advocate for policies that will keep people healthy and safe during the crisis. Our chapters on campuses across the country provide the training, professional support and resources students need to tackle climate change, protect public health, revitalize our democracy by...Climate Campaigner (Remote)Friends of the Earth Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)The Climate and Energy Program is focused on laying the groundwork for ambitious federal climate policy driven by science, justice, and climate equity. We build political power for climate action from the ground up and promote new models of renewable energy production that support energy democracy. Our intersectional program of work seeks to advance economic and racial justice, and includes campaigns at the national level as well as in North Carolina and Memphis, Tennessee. Our approach is rooted in a position of solidarity domestically and internationally. Our climate and energy work strives to: (1) ground our advocacy in the need for a rapid managed decline of the supply of fossil fuels to hold global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius; (2) center environmental justice, climate equity, and human and civil rights and protections of Black, Brown, Indigenous, low-wealth, immigrant, and other marginalized communities; and (3) support the right to dignified livelihoods for...Jan 12, 2021Remote Office - Work from HomeThe Climate and Energy Program is focused on laying the groundwork for ambitious federal climate policy driven by science, justice, and climate equity. We build political power for climate action from the ground up and promote new models of renewable energy production that support energy democracy. Our intersectional program of work seeks to advance economic and racial justice, and includes campaigns at the national level as well as in North Carolina and Memphis, Tennessee. Our approach is rooted in a position of solidarity domestically and internationally. Our climate and energy work strives to: (1) ground our advocacy in the need for a rapid managed decline of the supply of fossil fuels to hold global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius; (2) center environmental justice, climate equity, and human and civil rights and protections of Black, Brown, Indigenous, low-wealth, immigrant, and other marginalized communities; and (3) support the right to dignified livelihoods for...Environmental Safety OfficerCentral Intelligence AgencyEnvironmental Safety Officers coordinate environmental, safety, and health compliance programs and conduct inspections to support CIA’s environmental safety program at Agency facilities. About the Job As an Environmental Safety Officer for CIA, you will be responsible for supporting CIA’s environmental safety program at Agency facilities. You will serve as a technical expert and as a program manager when required. Responsibilities include: Coordinate all environmental, safety, and health (ES&H) compliance programs at your location of assignment Conduct ES&H inspections to ensure compliance with applicable standards and prevailing professional practices Provide ES&H training for Agency employees Investigate ES&H incidents to ensure that action is taken to correct deficiencies or violations of standards Investigate employee complaints and suggestions regarding hazardous conditions Maintain site ES&H records and manage support contracts...Jan 12, 2021Full timeEnvironmental Safety Officers coordinate environmental, safety, and health compliance programs and conduct inspections to support CIA’s environmental safety program at Agency facilities. About the Job As an Environmental Safety Officer for CIA, you will be responsible for supporting CIA’s environmental safety program at Agency facilities. You will serve as a technical expert and as a program manager when required. Responsibilities include: Coordinate all environmental, safety, and health (ES&H) compliance programs at your location of assignment Conduct ES&H inspections to ensure compliance with applicable standards and prevailing professional practices Provide ES&H training for Agency employees Investigate ES&H incidents to ensure that action is taken to correct deficiencies or violations of standards Investigate employee complaints and suggestions regarding hazardous conditions Maintain site ES&H records and manage support contracts...Environmental Outreach Aides & AssociatesSan Francisco Department of Environment San Francisco, CA, USAThis is a combined recruitment, hiring for the following: 1) 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide (3 vacancies), and 2) 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate (2 vacancies) Do you enjoy talking with people? Are you passionate about making a positive difference in your community? If so, we invite you to join the Environment Now team by applying for the Environmental Outreach positions. You’ll use your communications skills to engage the public in building a better future for San Franciscans. The San Francisco Department of Environment is recognized worldwide for its environmental policies, is a great place to work, and offers an attractive benefits package, including healthcare and paid time off. This posting will be used to fill multiple vacancies for the 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide and 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate positions, including positions that may require bilingual skills in Chinese, Vietnamese, (Cantonese, Mandarin, or both) and Spanish. Who We Are The San...Jan 12, 2021Full timeThis is a combined recruitment, hiring for the following: 1) 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide (3 vacancies), and 2) 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate (2 vacancies) Do you enjoy talking with people? Are you passionate about making a positive difference in your community? If so, we invite you to join the Environment Now team by applying for the Environmental Outreach positions. You’ll use your communications skills to engage the public in building a better future for San Franciscans. The San Francisco Department of Environment is recognized worldwide for its environmental policies, is a great place to work, and offers an attractive benefits package, including healthcare and paid time off. This posting will be used to fill multiple vacancies for the 9920 Environmental Outreach Aide and 9922 Environmental Outreach Associate positions, including positions that may require bilingual skills in Chinese, Vietnamese, (Cantonese, Mandarin, or both) and Spanish. Who We Are The San...Chief Executive Officer, VEICEos Transition Partners Winooski, VT, USAVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Jan 05, 2021Full timeVEIC Seeks CEO About VEIC VEIC is a sustainable energy company on a mission to generate the energy solutions the world needs. For over 30 years VEIC has been working with governments, utilities, foundations and businesses across North America to develop and deploy clean-energy services that provide immediate and lasting change. It seeks a Chief Executive Officer to lead the organization and expand the reach of its operations. VEIC administers three major sustainable energy programs as well as providing full-service consulting and engineering capabilities. VEIC is nationally recognized for originating pilots and programs that optimize energy use, reduce energy burdens for low-income customers, and advancing emerging technologies and innovative program models. Its work to date will produce lifetime customer energy savings of over 42 million MMBTUs and fossil fuel consumption cost savings of over $4.2 billion. VEIC administers Efficiency Vermont , the nation’s first...Environmental Associate Project MgrWaste Management Baton Rouge, LA, USA*This position will require relocation to anywhere a Project Manager position becomes available, after the eight-month training period. This may be anywhere in the United States* Job Summary The Associate Project Manager is an on-the-job training position that develops Project Managers for Waste Management’s Sustainability Services team. The duties and responsibilities, under the direction and supervision of WM leaders, are related to onsite activities at client locations. The Associate PM, through assigned work activities, a training curriculum, and hands-on projects, will develop a working knowledge of all aspects of the day-to-day onsite sustainability operations including, but it not limited to, the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous/non-hazardous wastes and other related services following federal, state & local regulations. The Associate PM learns to plan and manage the work of onsite personnel, serve as liaison between client and vendors in...Dec 29, 2020Full time*This position will require relocation to anywhere a Project Manager position becomes available, after the eight-month training period. This may be anywhere in the United States* Job Summary The Associate Project Manager is an on-the-job training position that develops Project Managers for Waste Management’s Sustainability Services team. The duties and responsibilities, under the direction and supervision of WM leaders, are related to onsite activities at client locations. The Associate PM, through assigned work activities, a training curriculum, and hands-on projects, will develop a working knowledge of all aspects of the day-to-day onsite sustainability operations including, but it not limited to, the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous/non-hazardous wastes and other related services following federal, state & local regulations. The Associate PM learns to plan and manage the work of onsite personnel, serve as liaison between client and vendors in...Senior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital MarketsCeresSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Dec 29, 2020Full timeSenior Manager, Financial Institutions Engagement, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities This is a full-time position, preferably based in the Boston or New York City area. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior policy campaign experience looking to be an advocate for strong and effective climate and clean energy policies, especially in the financial...Associate, Company NetworkCeres Boston, MA, USAAssociate, Company Network Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit: www.ceres.org. About the Position The Associate, Company Network, supports the company engagement and programmatic work of the Company Network team. We seek an energetic, highly motivated, self-starter to play a critical programmatic and administrative support role, both internally and externally. The Associate will be part of a fourteen-person team working with companies to integrate sustainability into core business strategies, leveraging the Ceres Roadmap for Sustainability . This full-time position reports to one of the...Dec 26, 2020Full timeAssociate, Company Network Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit: www.ceres.org. About the Position The Associate, Company Network, supports the company engagement and programmatic work of the Company Network team. We seek an energetic, highly motivated, self-starter to play a critical programmatic and administrative support role, both internally and externally. The Associate will be part of a fourteen-person team working with companies to integrate sustainability into core business strategies, leveraging the Ceres Roadmap for Sustainability . This full-time position reports to one of the...Program AssistantCeres Boston, MA, USAAssistant Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit: www.ceres.org. About the Position The Assistant role will work on one of Ceres teams; such as Company Network, Investor Network, or Policy Network. Should you have a specific interest in one team over another, please note that in your cover letter. The Assistant, Program Team role supports not only a Senior Director, but also other senior team members. We seek an energetic, highly motivated and organized, self-starter to play a critical administrative and programmatic support role, both internally and externally. This full-time position reports...Dec 26, 2020Full timeAssistant Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization working with the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit: www.ceres.org. About the Position The Assistant role will work on one of Ceres teams; such as Company Network, Investor Network, or Policy Network. Should you have a specific interest in one team over another, please note that in your cover letter. The Assistant, Program Team role supports not only a Senior Director, but also other senior team members. We seek an energetic, highly motivated and organized, self-starter to play a critical administrative and programmatic support role, both internally and externally. This full-time position reports...Environmental Project SpecialistWaste Management Arlington, TX, USAJob Summary Coordinates all onsite activities at client location in relation to the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other related services following federal, state & local regulations. Supervises and plans activities of onsite personnel. Serves as liaison between client and vendors in relation to service issues. Maintains pre-established standards for safety and environmental issues. The shift for this position is Tuesday through Saturday, 10:00am to 6:00pm. Essential Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned. Coordinate logistics for transportation of hazardous waste, universal waste and non-hazardous waste from client site including profiling, scheduling, manifesting and physically loading bulk and drum loads. Ensure compliance with client and government regulations by performing...Dec 16, 2020Full timeJob Summary Coordinates all onsite activities at client location in relation to the storage, transportation and disposal of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other related services following federal, state & local regulations. Supervises and plans activities of onsite personnel. Serves as liaison between client and vendors in relation to service issues. Maintains pre-established standards for safety and environmental issues. The shift for this position is Tuesday through Saturday, 10:00am to 6:00pm. Essential Duties and Responsibilities To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. Other minor duties may be assigned. Coordinate logistics for transportation of hazardous waste, universal waste and non-hazardous waste from client site including profiling, scheduling, manifesting and physically loading bulk and drum loads. Ensure compliance with client and government regulations by performing...Director, Campaigns (Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets)Ceres Boston, MA, USADirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Dec 13, 2020Full timeDirector, Campaigns, Ceres Accelerator for Sustainable Capital Markets Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our web site ( www.ceres.org ). Here is more information on the Ceres Accelerator https://www.ceres.org/accelerator . Description & Responsibilities Ceres is searching for a full-time Campaign Director to coordinate all actors and pieces of mobilizing investors and financial institutions to step up action to address the climate crisis. The first project to manage is Ceres’ Accelerator Net Zero Finance Campaign. This position is designed for a highly motivated, self-starter with prior...Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture ResilienceCeres Boston, MA, USASenior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Water Program promotes capital market solutions to the global water crisis by accelerating private sector leadership on sustainable water management, through cutting-edge research, company engagement, investor mobilization and advocacy. Ultimately our work is about changing the way the world’s largest economic actors value and manage water. The Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience position supports the program’s efforts to...Dec 13, 2020Full timeSenior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience Organization Ceres is a sustainability nonprofit organization leading the most influential investors and companies to build leadership and drive solutions throughout the economy. Through our powerful networks and advocacy, we tackle the world’s biggest sustainability challenges, including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. For more information about Ceres, please visit our website ( www.ceres.org ). Description & Responsibilities Ceres’ Water Program promotes capital market solutions to the global water crisis by accelerating private sector leadership on sustainable water management, through cutting-edge research, company engagement, investor mobilization and advocacy. Ultimately our work is about changing the way the world’s largest economic actors value and manage water. The Senior Associate, Water and Agriculture Resilience position supports the program’s efforts to...Green Iowa AmeriCorps 6-month Environmental Steward PositionGreen Iowa AmeriCorpsService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Dec 11, 2020TemporaryService Description : Green Iowa AmeriCorps operates through the University of Northern Iowa’s Center for Energy and Environmental Education (UNI CEEE) in Cedar Falls. The program is looking to recruit passionate and motivated individuals for a 6-month service experience in one of our service locations throughout Iowa. As a member of our new and existing programs sites, you will have the opportunity to create plans in conjunction with city officials, nonprofit leaders and school districts, and execute projects that will greatly impact the communities we serve. The leadership and empowerment experienced as part of our program will be like no other! Our program hopes to train the next generation of ‘green-collar’ workers through a combination of service work, presentations, and hands-on learning. Members have the opportunity to build leadership abilities through specific coordinator roles, which will allow each member to contribute their own unique skills to the...Compliance Office ManagerCalifornia Energy Commission Sacramento, CA, USAJob Description and Duties Under the direction of the Deputy Director, Siting, Transmission and Environmental Protection Division, the Energy Resources Specialist III (Managerial), Office Manager, manages, plans, organizes, and directs the activities of the Compliance Office. This includes project managers, and other professional staff engaged in the review and analysis of energy facility compliance policies, power plant amendment projects, enforcement of conditions of certification, and other policy issues related to the Siting, Transmission and Environmental Protection Division’s compliance program. The incumbent advises the Deputy Director, the Executive Director, and the Commissioners on compliance program and policy matters. Please let us know how you heard about this position by taking this brief survey: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CECRecruitmentSurvey You will find additional information about the job in the Duty Statement . Working Conditions Due to the...Dec 09, 2020Full timeJob Description and Duties Under the direction of the Deputy Director, Siting, Transmission and Environmental Protection Division, the Energy Resources Specialist III (Managerial), Office Manager, manages, plans, organizes, and directs the activities of the Compliance Office. This includes project managers, and other professional staff engaged in the review and analysis of energy facility compliance policies, power plant amendment projects, enforcement of conditions of certification, and other policy issues related to the Siting, Transmission and Environmental Protection Division’s compliance program. The incumbent advises the Deputy Director, the Executive Director, and the Commissioners on compliance program and policy matters. Please let us know how you heard about this position by taking this brief survey: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CECRecruitmentSurvey You will find additional information about the job in the Duty Statement . Working Conditions Due to the...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
