"Job Search - River STRiver STHomeContact UsPrivacy PolicyCareerInterviewJob SearchJob Search10 Ways to Use LinkedIn to Find a Job	Jefry 0The big job search engines can put you in touch with thousands of possible jobs in any city, state, or country—but thousands of job seekers […]10 Things To Do After a Layoff	Jefry 0Lately we’ve been hearing some good news when it comes to the job market. However, the fact that there are layoffs happening each day around […]Dating and Job Search : Same Rules, Different Outcomes	Jefry 0Most of you probably have thought of job search as something that is similar to the dating ritual. With unemployment numbers still high, it’s not […]7 Industries Actually Creating Jobs from the Stimulus Package	Jefry 0The $787.2 billion economic stimulus bill was enacted to save jobs, create jobs, and breathe hope into a nation mired in a deep recession—but the […]5 “Social Media Don’ts ” For The Career Minded	Jefry 0We all know that social media and job search are now closely related. In today’s fast paced world, it is crucial to have a presence […]5 Social Media Types Who Ended Up Losing Their Job	Jefry 0As most of you already know we tend to cover social media quite often. We think social media and job search are directly related in […]Social Media and Job Search : Get Your Priorities Straight	Jefry 0The other day we published a post called How To Lose a Job Via Facebook In 140 Characters Or Less. The response was overwhelming and […]The Best Job Search Website Belongs To You	Jefry 0It’s true. The best job search website does belong to you, provided you have one like million others. It’s your blog. There are very few […]5 Name-Your-Own Jobs: How to Land a Position that Doesn’t Exist	Jefry 0Until it’s filled, an open position is just an idea. It’s a company’s idea of how to meet their needs and accomplish their objectives. But […]Search for:5 Practical Ways To Prepare Yourself For a Layoff	Your boss has made it clear that layoffs are coming. The number of people getting laid off, departments that will get hit and the date […]MicroWorkers – A Site To Help Unemployed Earn a Bit While They Look For Jobs	The job market has yet to bounce back and the number of unemployed is still very high. During these times many people have made the […]The Truth Behind Working From Home	This isn’t one of those “quit your day job and makes thousands a day kind of posts,” although we would love to find a way […]8 Signs Your Online University Is a Scam	Knowledge is power, and education is the secret to success—so if you’re pursuing a degree, you have made a very wise decision. Getting an online […]Top 10 Interview Mistakes	My Career Space has compiled the 10 biggest interview mistakes into one simple list. This list will tell you exactly what not to do, so […]Latest Posts5 Practical Ways To Prepare Yourself For a Layoff	0MicroWorkers – A Site To Help Unemployed Earn a Bit While They Look For Jobs	0The Truth Behind Working From Home	08 Signs Your Online University Is a Scam	0Top 10 Interview Mistakes	010 Ways To Say No To your Boss and Still Keep The Job	010 Ways to Use LinkedIn to Find a Job	0Copyright © 2021 | WordPress Theme by MH Themes"
