"University Job: Assistant or Associate Professor - Brown School of Public Health, Brown UniversityOTHER DISCIPLINESSEARCH JOBSEMPLOYERSABOUT USCONTACT USJob ID: 148610	Assistant or Associate Professor - Brown School of Public HealthBrown University	Date Posted	 Oct. 30, 2020	Job Title	Assistant or Associate Professor - Brown School of Public Health	Department	Epidemiology	Department Website https://www.brown.edu/academics/publ...Institution	Brown UniversityProvidence, RI	Application Deadline	 Open until filled	Position Start Date Sep. 1, 2021	Website For Job https://www.brown.edu/academics/publ...Apply Online Here http://apply.interfolio.com/80380	Job Categories	 Assistant ProfessorAssociate ProfessorAcademic Fields	 Public Health/Biostatistics/EpidemiologyEnvironmental/Occupational HealthThe Brown University School of Public Health invites applications for an Assistant (tenure-track) or Associate (tenure-track or tenured) Professor position in the Department of Epidemiology with a potential start date of September 2021.We are seeking applications from candidates with a focus on population research in environmental health, particularly applicable to children’s environmental health. Specific areas of interest include, but are not limited to, interventions to reduce environmental pollutant exposures, quantitative methods to study mixtures and periods of heightened susceptibility, application of ‘-omics’ technologies to interrogate biological mechanisms, novel exposure assessment technologies, and emerging environmental health threats (e.g., climate change). Specific health outcomes of interest include obesity, cardiometabolic/cardiovascular disease, asthma or allergy, neurodevelopmental disorders, pubertal development, mental health, and substance use.Brown University has several unique resources relevant to children’s environmental health. This includes two recently established and ongoing prospective pregnancy/birth cohort studies in Rhode Island, a new state-of-the art exposome laboratory, the Brown University Superfund Research Program, involvement in the Environmental Influences on Child Health Outcomes (ECHO) Study, and access to three prospective pregnancy/preconception cohort studies focused on environmental chemical exposures and children’s health (the HOME, MIREC and PEACE Studies).Applicants must have a doctoral degree in epidemiology or environmental health, MD/PhD or equivalent, and evidence of rigorous training in epidemiology or environmental health. Candidates must have a demonstrated interest in studying environmental pollutants in relation to children’s health, research excellence and productivity, ability to teach and mentor undergraduate and graduate students, and potential or demonstrated ability to successfully obtain NIH funding. Brown University is committed to increasing diversity and inclusion of underrepresented groups. In the cover letter, we expect applicants to address the reasons for their interest in the position and how their past and present work demonstrates a commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion, and/or how they intend to show this commitment in future work. We value the different ways this might be demonstrated including in scholarship, teaching, mentoring, service and community engagement. Applicants for the Associate Professor level must also have an independently funded research program, a national/international reputation, and a proven record of leadership in research, teaching, and professional service.This is a 10-month position with 6-months of guaranteed salary support. The Department includes 13 tenured or tenure-track faculty and 7 additional research and teaching faculty who conduct research on a range of topics and train both MPH and doctoral students in epidemiology. Departmental faculty research focuses on environmental health, global health, HIV and other infectious diseases, substance abuse, cardiometabolic health, obesity, cancer, perinatal and pediatric health, mental health, genetics, nutrition, and epidemiologic methods.Applicants should submit their Curriculum Vitae and cover letter through Interfolio at the following link: http://apply.interfolio.com/80380. Please indicate in your letter of application the search number (PH-278) and whether you are applying for Assistant or Associate Professor. Applicants for the Assistant Professor rank should arrange for three letters of reference to be submitted. Additional information is available about the Department at http://brown.edu/academics/public-health/epidemiology/.Review of applications will begin on December 1, 2020. Applications received by February 28, 2021 will receive full consideration. Applications received after that date will be considered until the position is filled. Potential applicants are invited to contact Search Committee Chair, Joseph Braun (joseph_braun_1@brown.edu) for further information about the position or Vickie S. Beaulieu (Vickie_Beaulieu@brown.edu, 401-863-2918) for application details.EEO/AA PolicyBrown University is committed to fostering and maintaining a diverse work culture that respects the rights and dignity of each individual, without regard to race, color, national origin, ancestry, religious creed, sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, gender expression, height, weight, marital status, disability, medical condition, age, or veteran status. The University is also supportive of the needs of dual career couples.Please reference AcademicKeys.com in your cover letter whenapplying for or inquiring about this job announcement.Contact Information	Contact Vickie S. BeaulieuEpidemiologyBrown University121 South Main StreetBox G-121-2Providence, RI 02912Phone Number 401-863-2918Email: vickie_beaulieu@brown.eduNew Search | PreviousLooking for a higher education job?SUBSCRIBEACADEMIC KEYSAbout UsContact UsTerms & Conditions / Privacy+1.860.429.0218EmailUs@AcademicKeys.comFollow Us2021 © Academic Keys, LLC."
