"Kelly Dodd Thinks Tamra, Vicki, & Shannon Are Friends To Keep JobsSearchFollow Us:Marc Daly Ends His Marriage To Kenya Moore For GoodMary Cosby Says Her Marriage Became \"A Loving Relationship\" When She “Started Wanting A Son”Erika Jayne Moves Into $1.5 Million Home Amid Numerous Legal And Financial IssuesMeredith Marks Responds After Jen Shah Said She Wasn't AuthenticKelly Dodd Thinks Tamra Judge, Vicki Gunvalson, & Shannon Beador Are Friends To Keep Their Jobsby Reality Tea on August 20th, 2019On the second episode of Real Housewives of Orange County Season 14, Tamra Judge and Shannon Beador laughed watching the pig video that Kelly Dodd posted about Vicki Gunvalson. Fast forward to a few months after filming and the Tres Amigas are back together, polluting filling our social media feeds with their #TresAmigas content.Kelly isn’t buying their best friend act and neither am I. The Vicki, Tamra, and Shannon triangle just seems like a very convenient alliance to me.After laughing at the pig video, Tamra tried to make Vicki and Kelly talk at her housewarming party because there was nothing else happening. Let’s face it: no one cares about which set of stairs Tamra prefers to take when she heads down to make breakfast. If I wanted to watch a house tour, I would tune into HGTV. Tamra wanted a storyline at her house and she had her sights set on a Kelly vs. Vicki blowup.In an interview with People Now, Kelly was asked “Do you think she was pot stirring or is there a part of you that thinks she was trying to keep the peace?” Tamra being the peacemaker? Yeah, right. This is the same woman who’s showcasing her two sons’ conflicting political views for a storyline. She lives for the controversy.RELATED: Emily Simpson Thinks Tamra Judge, Vicki Gunvalson, & Shannon Beador “Are Just Out For Themselves”Kelly claimed, “Tamra didn’t even like Vicki at this moment. First of all, she invited Vicki when she knew damn good and well that I didn’t want Vicki to be there. She did that to prod at me.” 100%. Tamra views herself as a producer on this show. She wanted to instigate storyline.Kelly continued, “She wasn’t even friends with Vicki all that much. She didn’t like Vicki all that much. And she kind of said ‘Hey, do you want me to throw her out of the house?’ Vicki got in a fight with her. I don’t know if that’s on there.” It wasn’t. Tamra seemed super annoyed with Vicki, but I, personally, wouldn’t call that a “fight.” I was super annoyed with Vicki watching the episode in my bed at home.RELATED: Kelly Dodd Calls Vicki Gunvalson An Outcast; Says Season 14 Is The Best Season YetKelly alleged, “But, she didn’t really want Vicki there because she was getting irritated by Vicki. And then, all of a sudden she’s friends with Vicki. They’re best friends. They have a ‘Tres Amigas.'” Stop trying to make Tres Amigas happen.Kelly even theorized, “It’s just weird. It was like she was out to get me undercover.” Tamra is out to get everyone. She is so good at this Housewife thing. Even when she bothers me, I have to give her props for stirring the pot and knowing exactly how to get people mad- not even at her- but at someone else.RELATED: Tamra Judge Says Kelly Dodd Is “Evil” & “Harsh”Kelly told People, “They have this Tres Amigas thing. They’re getting older now. They need to form a bond, or a unity, because you know, they feel like their jobs are in jeopardy. If they keep this alliance between the three of them, they’re not gonna all three get fired or get demoted. I think they built this strong alliance to kind of like keep their job.”A Housewife scheming to keep her role on the show? No way! Cue my eye roll.TELL US- DO YOU THINK THE TRES AMIGS ARE FRIENDS SO THEY CAN STAY ON REAL HOUSEWIVES OF ORANGE COUNTY? DID TAMRA STIR THE POT AT HER HOUSEWARMING PARTY WHEN SHE TRIED TO GET KELLY TO TALK TO VICKI?[Photo Credit: Bravo]Instagram Roundup August 2019: Dorinda Medley, Craig Conover, Margaret Josephs & More Photos!	Kelly Dodd’s Ex-Boyfriend Brian Reagan Denies Cheating Allegations	Tags: Kelly Dodd, real housewives, Real Housewives of Orange County, RHOC, Shannon Beador, Shannon Storms Beador, Tamra Judge, Vicki GunvalsonReal Housewives of Orange County	Reality Tea | Reality TV News Spilled Daily From Your Favorite Reality Shows!	Privacy |Advertise |About |Terms of Use |Comment Policy |AdChoices |RealityTea.com is a property of TotallyHer Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC. company. ©2021 All rights reserved.Affiliate Disclosure: Evolve Media LLC, and its owned and operated websites may receive a small commission from the proceeds of any product(s) sold through affiliate and direct partner links.monitoring_string = \"0f53d3d4577b5763f618949fdfd65ade\""
