"Jobs | Hire a VeteranHomeFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CategoryJobs by StateVirtual Career FairEmployer ProductsSign inSign upHomeFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CategoryJobs by StateVirtual Career FairEmployer ProductsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs30 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchOther PharmaceuticalRefine by Job TypeFull time (17) Part time (12) Contractor (1)Refine by CategoriesEntry Level (16) Manufacturing (15) Retail (13) Sales (12) Construction (6) Transportation (6)General Labor (4) Warehouse (4) Customer Service (3) Facilities (2) Professional Services (2) Quality Control (2) Supply Chain (2) Admin-Clerical (1) Consultant (1) Distribution-Shipping (1) Health Care (1) Human Resources (1) Information Technology (1) Installation-Maint-Repair (1) Inventory (1) Legal (1) Management (1) Nurse (1) Restaurant-Food Service (1) Skilled Labor (1) Training (1)MoreRefine by CityChester (5) Philadelphia (4) Shamokin (4) Emelle (3) Holliston (3) Tupelo (2)Wareham (2) Biloxi (1) Farmingdale (1) Huntsville (1) Meridian (1) Norfolk (1) Walker (1)MoreRefine by StatePennsylvania (13) Massachusetts (5) Alabama (4) Mississippi (4) New York (2) Louisiana (1)Virginia (1)MoreEmail me jobs like thisCDL Truck DriverWaste Management Belden, Tupelo, MS, USAResidential Drivers operate heavy-duty trucks and are responsible for the collection of residential household waste or recyclable material. Driver will transport the material to a disposal, transfer or recycle facility when trucks reach legal load capacity. Driver safely maneuvers vehicle in residential environments. Navigates high traffic and congested roadways, driveways, alleyways, and lots. Experience: 1 year of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Must be at least 21 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Drivers License with an air brake endorsement. Listed below are key points regarding the physical requirements, and work environment of the job. A reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with arm, hand, finger, and...Jan 15, 2021Full timeResidential Drivers operate heavy-duty trucks and are responsible for the collection of residential household waste or recyclable material. Driver will transport the material to a disposal, transfer or recycle facility when trucks reach legal load capacity. Driver safely maneuvers vehicle in residential environments. Navigates high traffic and congested roadways, driveways, alleyways, and lots. Experience: 1 year of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Must be at least 21 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Drivers License with an air brake endorsement. Listed below are key points regarding the physical requirements, and work environment of the job. A reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with arm, hand, finger, and...Diesel MechanicWaste Management Biloxi, MS, USAExperience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug screen and physical. Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day; Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than __ pounds most of the work day; Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns,...Jan 15, 2021Full timeExperience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug screen and physical. Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day; Required to exert physical effort in handling objects less than __ pounds most of the work day; Required to be exposed to physical occupational risks (such as cuts, burns,...Driver ResidentialWaste Management Belden, Tupelo, MS, USAExperience: 1 year of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Must be at least 21 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Drivers License with an air brake endorsement. Listed below are key points regarding the physical requirements, and work environment of the job. A reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with arm, hand, finger, and leg dexterity. Required to exert physical effort in handling objects more than __ pounds frequently. Requires pushing, pulling, bending, twisting and lifting up to __ lbs. Normal setting for this job is outdoors and/or driving a video/GPS monitored vehicle. Will be exposed to a physical environment, which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements most of the workday....Jan 15, 2021Full timeExperience: 1 year of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Must be at least 21 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Drivers License with an air brake endorsement. Listed below are key points regarding the physical requirements, and work environment of the job. A reasonable accommodation may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with arm, hand, finger, and leg dexterity. Required to exert physical effort in handling objects more than __ pounds frequently. Requires pushing, pulling, bending, twisting and lifting up to __ lbs. Normal setting for this job is outdoors and/or driving a video/GPS monitored vehicle. Will be exposed to a physical environment, which involves dirt, odors, noise, weather extremes or similar elements most of the workday....Heavy Equipment MechanicWaste Management Emelle, AL, USAPerforms complex preventative maintenance tasks, and troubleshoots and repairs a wide variety of equipment (Trucks and Yellow Iron). Experience: Six years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete pre-employment drug screen and physical. NEW EMPLOYEE TRAINING RCRA HAZWOPER (24 Hour) DOT & M2Z (Driver Only) RCRA / HAZWOPER Training: Resource Conservation & Recovery Act (RCRA) Clean Air Act (CAA) Clean Water Act (CWA) Toxic Substance Control Act (TSCA) Superfund Amendment & Reauthorization Act (SARA) Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES)...Jan 15, 2021Full timePerforms complex preventative maintenance tasks, and troubleshoots and repairs a wide variety of equipment (Trucks and Yellow Iron). Experience: Six years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete pre-employment drug screen and physical. NEW EMPLOYEE TRAINING RCRA HAZWOPER (24 Hour) DOT & M2Z (Driver Only) RCRA / HAZWOPER Training: Resource Conservation & Recovery Act (RCRA) Clean Air Act (CAA) Clean Water Act (CWA) Toxic Substance Control Act (TSCA) Superfund Amendment & Reauthorization Act (SARA) Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA) National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System (NPDES)...Truck Technician - Hazardous WasteWaste Management Emelle, AL, USAUnder general supervision, performs preventive maintenance services and inspects, diagnoses and repairs vehicles and equipment. Experience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug screen and physical. Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day; Required to exert physical effort in...Jan 15, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision, performs preventive maintenance services and inspects, diagnoses and repairs vehicles and equipment. Experience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug screen and physical. Listed below are key points regarding environmental demands and work environment of the job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of the job. Required to use motor coordination with finger dexterity (such as keyboarding, machine operation, etc.) most of the work day; Required to exert physical effort in...Hazardous Waste Driver - Long HaulWaste Management Emelle, AL, USAOperates hazardous waste transportation vehicle (e.g., Flatbed or Van Trailers, End Dump, 10-Wheeler and Roll-Off) with skill and proficiency conforming to all rules and regulations required for a Hazardous Material DOT-Licensed commercial hauler. Safely operates a heavy-duty truck to perform assigned duties on commercial routes. Experience: Three (3) years of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Driver's License with an air-brake endorsement and a Hazardous Materials Endorsement (HME). Must hold current certification in OSHA’s Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response Standard (HAZWOPER) Training 40-hour Course. Must be at least 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Successfully complete pre-employment DOT drug screen and DOT physical. Pre-assignment and/or pre-hire customer-specific drug and/or...Jan 15, 2021Full timeOperates hazardous waste transportation vehicle (e.g., Flatbed or Van Trailers, End Dump, 10-Wheeler and Roll-Off) with skill and proficiency conforming to all rules and regulations required for a Hazardous Material DOT-Licensed commercial hauler. Safely operates a heavy-duty truck to perform assigned duties on commercial routes. Experience: Three (3) years of experience operating a vehicle requiring a CDL or equivalent military driving within the last 7 years. Hold a current Class A or B Commercial Driver's License with an air-brake endorsement and a Hazardous Materials Endorsement (HME). Must hold current certification in OSHA’s Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response Standard (HAZWOPER) Training 40-hour Course. Must be at least 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Successfully complete pre-employment DOT drug screen and DOT physical. Pre-assignment and/or pre-hire customer-specific drug and/or...Diesel MechanicWaste Management 15505 Industry Way, E95, Walker, 70785$3,000 SIGN ON BONUS! Diesel Mechanic! - Baton Rouge, LA Start time: 2pm, some overtime Work Schedule- Monday-Friday; Occasional Saturdays Are you seeking a position as a Diesel Mechanic ?  Want to work for a growing company? Looking for great benefits and competitive pay?  Would you enjoy working in a company culture focused on teamwork, customer service and safety? If you are an experienced Diesel Mechanic and this sounds like you, Waste Management has a great opportunity for you! Requirements: Experience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug...Jan 15, 2021Full time$3,000 SIGN ON BONUS! Diesel Mechanic! - Baton Rouge, LA Start time: 2pm, some overtime Work Schedule- Monday-Friday; Occasional Saturdays Are you seeking a position as a Diesel Mechanic ?  Want to work for a growing company? Looking for great benefits and competitive pay?  Would you enjoy working in a company culture focused on teamwork, customer service and safety? If you are an experienced Diesel Mechanic and this sounds like you, Waste Management has a great opportunity for you! Requirements: Experience: Two (2) years of relevant work experience. Valid driver’s license and must have a clean driving record. Must be at least 18 years of age. If a CDL is a requirement for a specific posting, an applicant must be 21 years of age. Legally eligible to work in the United States. Ability to perform physical requirements of the position with or without reasonable accommodations. Successfully complete and pass pre-employment drug...Diesel Mechanic in Meridian MSWaste Management 2301 Sellers Dr, E90, Meridian, 39301Tired of just doing preventative maintenance or working only on engines? Are you ready to take the next step and work on equipment that requires a high level of skill - hydraulics, electrical, diagnostics - using modern maintenance practices and technologies? Are you looking for that right opportunity which will allow you to use and be rewarded for your skills and ability, and provide opportunity for growth? Our Mechanics are trained to provide superior maintenance on both diesel equipment and, at some locations, on our growing fleet of CNG trucks. We care about our Mechanic’s safety and show it by demanding solid safety practices of all our Mechanics and managers. Pride, safety, training, growth, opportunity, great benefits, rewards – check us out, we may be the company for you. The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. A. Education and Experience Education: Not required. Experience: Two year(s) of relevant work...Jan 12, 2021Full timeTired of just doing preventative maintenance or working only on engines? Are you ready to take the next step and work on equipment that requires a high level of skill - hydraulics, electrical, diagnostics - using modern maintenance practices and technologies? Are you looking for that right opportunity which will allow you to use and be rewarded for your skills and ability, and provide opportunity for growth? Our Mechanics are trained to provide superior maintenance on both diesel equipment and, at some locations, on our growing fleet of CNG trucks. We care about our Mechanic’s safety and show it by demanding solid safety practices of all our Mechanics and managers. Pride, safety, training, growth, opportunity, great benefits, rewards – check us out, we may be the company for you. The requirements listed below are representative of the qualifications necessary to perform the job. A. Education and Experience Education: Not required. Experience: Two year(s) of relevant work...Security OfficerRiley Security 1004 Oster Drive Northwest, Huntsville, AL, USAPART TIME SECURITY OFFICER Riley Security - Huntsville, AL Riley Security is a 24/7 contract security company based in Huntsville, AL. Due to our growing reputation we have been granted several new contracts in the Huntsville area. We are recruiting for professional security officers with excellent customer service and security skills to join our tight-knit and highly regarded team to fill open positions. Here at Riley we look to build great partnerships with our clients as we keep them safe by deterring crime. We understand how vital each officer is to our success. If you're looking for a company to grow with look no further! Job Type: Part-time Weekends, Evenings, Nights, Overnights Salary: Starting pay: $10.00 - $12.00/hourly. $1.00 raise after 6 month review Job Location: Huntsville, AL Required Education: High school diploma or equivalent Required Experience: Security Experience is preferred, but not necessary Military Experience is preferred, but not...Jan 11, 2021Part timePART TIME SECURITY OFFICER Riley Security - Huntsville, AL Riley Security is a 24/7 contract security company based in Huntsville, AL. Due to our growing reputation we have been granted several new contracts in the Huntsville area. We are recruiting for professional security officers with excellent customer service and security skills to join our tight-knit and highly regarded team to fill open positions. Here at Riley we look to build great partnerships with our clients as we keep them safe by deterring crime. We understand how vital each officer is to our success. If you're looking for a company to grow with look no further! Job Type: Part-time Weekends, Evenings, Nights, Overnights Salary: Starting pay: $10.00 - $12.00/hourly. $1.00 raise after 6 month review Job Location: Huntsville, AL Required Education: High school diploma or equivalent Required Experience: Security Experience is preferred, but not necessary Military Experience is preferred, but not...SECURITY PROFESSIONALVector Synergy Norfolk, VA, USAIntroduction One of the key elements of the new structure is iHub Laboratory Capability(iHub) built by expanding the ACT Innovation Hub capability, managed now by the newly established Innovation Branch. The iHub provides a space to test hypotheses and solutions turning ideas into user-centric Minimum Viable Products (MVPs) through close collaboration of end users and developers. The Lab provides an incubator environment where ideas will come to life rapidly following the best practices of Agile DevSecOps from industry and the latest research from academia. The Lab operational model is being developed incrementally, and the close collaboration with all stakeholders will shape its culture, processes and toolset. The iHub will operate in a larger ecosystem of innovation-minded partners. To successfully coordinate innovation activities across partner networks it is essential to establish basic guidance and rules orchestrating interactions via a common framework. This...Dec 11, 2020ContractorIntroduction One of the key elements of the new structure is iHub Laboratory Capability(iHub) built by expanding the ACT Innovation Hub capability, managed now by the newly established Innovation Branch. The iHub provides a space to test hypotheses and solutions turning ideas into user-centric Minimum Viable Products (MVPs) through close collaboration of end users and developers. The Lab provides an incubator environment where ideas will come to life rapidly following the best practices of Agile DevSecOps from industry and the latest research from academia. The Lab operational model is being developed incrementally, and the close collaboration with all stakeholders will shape its culture, processes and toolset. The iHub will operate in a larger ecosystem of innovation-minded partners. To successfully coordinate innovation activities across partner networks it is essential to establish basic guidance and rules orchestrating interactions via a common framework. This...Safety Training Manager & Field SupervisorPosillico 1750 New Highway, Farmingdale, NY, USAPOSITION SUMMARY: The Safety Training Manager is responsible for ensuring that all health and safety policies and procedures are adhered to and that safe practices are adopted. They help to plan, implement, monitor and review the protective and preventative measures that are in place that employees are required to follow, and work to minimize operational losses, occupational health problems, incidents and injuries. RESPONSIBILITIES: Communicates with Project Managers, Health and Safety Officers, Facility Health and Safety Representatives and the Director of Health and Safety to ensure field safety for all jobsites and facilities. Supports the Posillico Project Managers in the developing of and implementation of project health and safety training programs in accordance with Client expectations and Posillico policies and procedures. Administers training and ensures all training for Posillico employees is accomplished and current. Keeps employee safety...Jan 13, 2021Full timePOSITION SUMMARY: The Safety Training Manager is responsible for ensuring that all health and safety policies and procedures are adhered to and that safe practices are adopted. They help to plan, implement, monitor and review the protective and preventative measures that are in place that employees are required to follow, and work to minimize operational losses, occupational health problems, incidents and injuries. RESPONSIBILITIES: Communicates with Project Managers, Health and Safety Officers, Facility Health and Safety Representatives and the Director of Health and Safety to ensure field safety for all jobsites and facilities. Supports the Posillico Project Managers in the developing of and implementation of project health and safety training programs in accordance with Client expectations and Posillico policies and procedures. Administers training and ensures all training for Posillico employees is accomplished and current. Keeps employee safety...Health & Safety Supervisor (Day/Night)Posillico Queens, NY, USAPOSITION SUMMARY: The Health and Safety Supervisor (Day/Night) is responsible for ensuring that all health and safety policies and procedures are adhered to and that safe practices are adopted. They help to plan, implement, monitor and review the protective and preventative measures that are in place that employees are required to follow, and work to minimize operational losses, occupational health problems, incidents and injuries. RESPONSIBILITIES: Communicates with Project Managers, Health and Safety Officers, Facility Health and Safety Representatives and Director of Health and Safety to ensure field safety for all jobsites and facilities. Supports the Posillico Project Manager in the developing of and implementation of project health and safety program in accordance with Client expectations and Posillico policies and procedures. Administers the Site Health and Safety Program and advises the Project Manager with regards to all matters of health and...Jan 13, 2021Full timePOSITION SUMMARY: The Health and Safety Supervisor (Day/Night) is responsible for ensuring that all health and safety policies and procedures are adhered to and that safe practices are adopted. They help to plan, implement, monitor and review the protective and preventative measures that are in place that employees are required to follow, and work to minimize operational losses, occupational health problems, incidents and injuries. RESPONSIBILITIES: Communicates with Project Managers, Health and Safety Officers, Facility Health and Safety Representatives and Director of Health and Safety to ensure field safety for all jobsites and facilities. Supports the Posillico Project Manager in the developing of and implementation of project health and safety program in accordance with Client expectations and Posillico policies and procedures. Administers the Site Health and Safety Program and advises the Project Manager with regards to all matters of health and...MA - Packaging TechnicianPharmaCann Inc. Holliston, MA, USAThe Packaging Technician will be responsible for safely and effectively preparing, filling, packaging and labeling our food safe medical cannabis oils and liquids for ingestion, inhalation, solid dose and topical applications. This position will also be responsible for maintaining production and packaging equipment. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Proper setup and operation of filling, solid dose manufacturing, packaging and labeling equipment Troubleshoot and repair equipment as needed Assist in monitoring and managing processing equipment supplies and inventory Execute all filling and packaging procedures in an efficient manner in compliance with PharmaCann SOP’s and all applicable manufacturing procedures Perform in-process and post-process sample acquisitions according to protocols or batch records Support new product lines and process development as needed Be willing and able to be cross-trained to work alongside other PharmaCann team...Dec 31, 2020Full timeThe Packaging Technician will be responsible for safely and effectively preparing, filling, packaging and labeling our food safe medical cannabis oils and liquids for ingestion, inhalation, solid dose and topical applications. This position will also be responsible for maintaining production and packaging equipment. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Proper setup and operation of filling, solid dose manufacturing, packaging and labeling equipment Troubleshoot and repair equipment as needed Assist in monitoring and managing processing equipment supplies and inventory Execute all filling and packaging procedures in an efficient manner in compliance with PharmaCann SOP’s and all applicable manufacturing procedures Perform in-process and post-process sample acquisitions according to protocols or batch records Support new product lines and process development as needed Be willing and able to be cross-trained to work alongside other PharmaCann team...PA - Assistant General ManagerPharmaCann Inc. Manayunk, Philadelphia, PA, USAIn partnership with the General Manager, the Assistant General Manager leads a team of dispensary managers who specialize in DOR’s (division of responsibility) and is accountable for all aspects of managing a single retail store (as well as all other projects/duties as assigned). This position reports directly to the General Manager and is responsible for developing a high-performing team that consistently delivers top-line sales growth. This leader drives the business through a DOR focus on Customer Experience (customer service, sales training, product knowledge, loyalty and leadership development), Product (visual presentation, product performance and promotions), and Operations (receiving orders, policy and procedures, expense control, compliance, and loss prevention). This position requires a passion for process excellence, a drive for results, and the ability to lead and influence. The Assistant General Manager is responsible for overseeing the financial...Dec 31, 2020Full timeIn partnership with the General Manager, the Assistant General Manager leads a team of dispensary managers who specialize in DOR’s (division of responsibility) and is accountable for all aspects of managing a single retail store (as well as all other projects/duties as assigned). This position reports directly to the General Manager and is responsible for developing a high-performing team that consistently delivers top-line sales growth. This leader drives the business through a DOR focus on Customer Experience (customer service, sales training, product knowledge, loyalty and leadership development), Product (visual presentation, product performance and promotions), and Operations (receiving orders, policy and procedures, expense control, compliance, and loss prevention). This position requires a passion for process excellence, a drive for results, and the ability to lead and influence. The Assistant General Manager is responsible for overseeing the financial...PA - Dispensary Inventory Specialist (Part Time)PharmaCann Inc. Manayunk, Philadelphia, PA, USADispensary Inventory Specialist reports to the Dispensary Inventory Manager at the dispensary and is responsible for adhering to all policy and procedures, compliance, inventory, receiving orders and all other operational objectives of the business. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Deliver results and strategic direction by ensuring day-to-day operations run smoothly. Execute and follow up on operational standards and policies and procedures. Ensure compliance with all safety and security policies within retail stores. Prepare and package orders for customers. Maintain a clean and organized processing room. Receive, count, and document inventory deliveries. Inform Dispensary Inventory Manager of upcoming inventory needs. Completes required data entry (logging transactions, transfers, and daily intake/outgoing product) using Excel and state electronic record keeping systems. Adhere to distribution...Dec 30, 2020Part timeDispensary Inventory Specialist reports to the Dispensary Inventory Manager at the dispensary and is responsible for adhering to all policy and procedures, compliance, inventory, receiving orders and all other operational objectives of the business. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Deliver results and strategic direction by ensuring day-to-day operations run smoothly. Execute and follow up on operational standards and policies and procedures. Ensure compliance with all safety and security policies within retail stores. Prepare and package orders for customers. Maintain a clean and organized processing room. Receive, count, and document inventory deliveries. Inform Dispensary Inventory Manager of upcoming inventory needs. Completes required data entry (logging transactions, transfers, and daily intake/outgoing product) using Excel and state electronic record keeping systems. Adhere to distribution...MA - Courier (Part-Time)PharmaCann Inc. Wareham, MA, USAThis position will require local travel within the state. Couriers are responsible for safely, securely, and lawfully transporting cannabis to dispensaries and samples to laboratories, as well as ensuring strict adherence to state law and to all delivery and manifest protocols and controls. Couriers will work alongside a partner to provide security for the staff and product from our cultivation facilities to off-site locations. Couriers also may provide back-up for other departments. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) The delivery courier is responsible for delivering products to patients safely Transports products to our patients’ homes quickly and accurately Verifies medical marijuana patient identity Accepts payment for the product and obtains required signatures upon delivery Follows proper inventory procedures, loads/unloads, and operates a vehicle safely Must be able to work alongside a partner in a cooperative...Dec 30, 2020Part timeThis position will require local travel within the state. Couriers are responsible for safely, securely, and lawfully transporting cannabis to dispensaries and samples to laboratories, as well as ensuring strict adherence to state law and to all delivery and manifest protocols and controls. Couriers will work alongside a partner to provide security for the staff and product from our cultivation facilities to off-site locations. Couriers also may provide back-up for other departments. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) The delivery courier is responsible for delivering products to patients safely Transports products to our patients’ homes quickly and accurately Verifies medical marijuana patient identity Accepts payment for the product and obtains required signatures upon delivery Follows proper inventory procedures, loads/unloads, and operates a vehicle safely Must be able to work alongside a partner in a cooperative...MA - On-Site Security (Part Time)PharmaCann Inc. Wareham, MA, United StatesOn-site Security personnel are responsible for ensuring the safety and security of PharmaCann customers, employees and facilities, including cultivation centers and dispensaries. On-site Security personnel will ensure strict adherence to all security protocols, procedures and controls. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Perform entry/exit control protocols Monitor electronic surveillance and security alarm systems Perform security risk management tasks and manage access control systems Carry out inspections to verify the integrity of security after hours Patrol internal and external areas Appropriately greets and registers patients and/or employees Conduct staff protective security awareness campaigns and promotions Provide assistance as directed during an emergency Perform lockup and unlock duties of designated areas as required Report security, fire, and safety risks and keep a record of daily activities Monitor traffic and parking on...Oct 02, 2020Part timeOn-site Security personnel are responsible for ensuring the safety and security of PharmaCann customers, employees and facilities, including cultivation centers and dispensaries. On-site Security personnel will ensure strict adherence to all security protocols, procedures and controls. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Perform entry/exit control protocols Monitor electronic surveillance and security alarm systems Perform security risk management tasks and manage access control systems Carry out inspections to verify the integrity of security after hours Patrol internal and external areas Appropriately greets and registers patients and/or employees Conduct staff protective security awareness campaigns and promotions Provide assistance as directed during an emergency Perform lockup and unlock duties of designated areas as required Report security, fire, and safety risks and keep a record of daily activities Monitor traffic and parking on...MA - Cultivation TechnicianPharmaCann Inc. Holliston, MA, United StatesThe Cultivation Technicians are responsible for assisting with all aspects of the company’s cultivation operation from seedling to harvest. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Performs plant and crop maintenance using standard procedures including but not limited to, cloning, transplanting, feeding, trimming and pest management Maintains clean environment by removing and disposing of all cannabis waste, cleaning and sanitizing all rooms and tools used on a daily basis Assists in collecting data to monitor plant health, soil health, and environmental control systems. Meets all required activity performance counts Masters and learns basic principles of cultivation SOPs and sanitation of the field and applies them in a limited manner. Assists others as part of a team to accomplish cultivation goals set forth by management Performs all tasks set by management in a safe and efficient manner. Qualifications High school diploma or GED and 0-1...Oct 02, 2020Full timeThe Cultivation Technicians are responsible for assisting with all aspects of the company’s cultivation operation from seedling to harvest. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Performs plant and crop maintenance using standard procedures including but not limited to, cloning, transplanting, feeding, trimming and pest management Maintains clean environment by removing and disposing of all cannabis waste, cleaning and sanitizing all rooms and tools used on a daily basis Assists in collecting data to monitor plant health, soil health, and environmental control systems. Meets all required activity performance counts Masters and learns basic principles of cultivation SOPs and sanitation of the field and applies them in a limited manner. Assists others as part of a team to accomplish cultivation goals set forth by management Performs all tasks set by management in a safe and efficient manner. Qualifications High school diploma or GED and 0-1...PA - Loss Prevention Associate/On-site Security (Part Time)PharmaCann Inc. Manayunk, Philadelphia, PA, United StatesOn-site Security personnel are responsible for ensuring the safety and security of PharmaCann/Verilife patients, customers, employees and facilities.. On-site Security personnel will ensure strict adherence to all security protocols, procedures and controls. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Helps drive a positive customer service experience by building relationships, exhibiting empathy, and providing solutions for their needs Interacts with customers and store employees to maintain a safe environment. Vigilantly performs all entry/exit control protocols Adheres to strict check-in procedures per state regulations Ensures the safety and security of all associates, patients, customers and vendors while on premises Monitors electronic surveillance and security alarm systems Performs security risk management tasks and manage access control systems Carries out inspections to verify the integrity of security during...Oct 02, 2020Part timeOn-site Security personnel are responsible for ensuring the safety and security of PharmaCann/Verilife patients, customers, employees and facilities.. On-site Security personnel will ensure strict adherence to all security protocols, procedures and controls. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Helps drive a positive customer service experience by building relationships, exhibiting empathy, and providing solutions for their needs Interacts with customers and store employees to maintain a safe environment. Vigilantly performs all entry/exit control protocols Adheres to strict check-in procedures per state regulations Ensures the safety and security of all associates, patients, customers and vendors while on premises Monitors electronic surveillance and security alarm systems Performs security risk management tasks and manage access control systems Carries out inspections to verify the integrity of security during...PA - Cannabis Sales Consultant (Part Time)PharmaCann Inc. Manayunk, Philadelphia, PA, United StatesThe Cannabis Sales Consultant (CSC) is responsible for creating a world-class customer experience for all customers. The CSC will promote a positive, customer service-oriented, and compliant work environment This position is accountable for executing initiatives that achieve all hospitality goals at the retail PharmaCann location. The CSC is responsible for compliance with all policy and procedures and all other operational objectives of the business., as well as executing visual standards and presentation needs to customer requirements, product performance, along with sales and marketing objectives. The CSC must be passionate about their role and have a strong willingness to help people become educated about cannabis. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Meet & exceed personal sales volume and KPI goals. Assist in building a great company and business that disrupts the traditional retail model and embrace change. Add value to the team...Oct 01, 2020Part timeThe Cannabis Sales Consultant (CSC) is responsible for creating a world-class customer experience for all customers. The CSC will promote a positive, customer service-oriented, and compliant work environment This position is accountable for executing initiatives that achieve all hospitality goals at the retail PharmaCann location. The CSC is responsible for compliance with all policy and procedures and all other operational objectives of the business., as well as executing visual standards and presentation needs to customer requirements, product performance, along with sales and marketing objectives. The CSC must be passionate about their role and have a strong willingness to help people become educated about cannabis. Duties and responsibilities or (Essential Functions) Meet & exceed personal sales volume and KPI goals. Assist in building a great company and business that disrupts the traditional retail model and embrace change. Add value to the team...Load moreMain MenuHireAVeteran Job BoardHireAVeteran.comContact UsAbout UsEmployerEmployer ProductsEmployer Sign in (Registration)Employer LoginEmployer My Account (Dashboard)Employer Post a JobJob SeekerJob Seeker Sign In (Registration)Job Seeker LoginFree Create ResumeJob AlertsHire A Veteran Job BoardJob ListingsFind JobsJob CategoriesJob LocationsFeatured & Latest JobsJob Fairs© 2021 Hire a Veteran Powered by Veteran Industries LLC (SDVOSB)Privacy Terms"
