"Jobs | Academic CareersNew JobsUniversitiesAdvanced SearchPost a JobPricing/PlansJob AlertsPost a ResumeSign inSign upNew JobsUniversitiesAdvanced SearchPost a JobPricing/PlansJob AlertsPost a ResumeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs98 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchComputer Science/Info Tech/Systems Art & Art HistoryRefine by Job CategoriesDeans & Directors (117) Other Administrative Positions (98) Engineering & Applied Sciences (98) Biology/Biotechnology/Life Sciences (94) Education: (i.e. Schools/Colleges of Education) (76) Facilities Management (71)Postdoctoral Positions (71) Sciences and Technology: other (63)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (85) Part time / Adjunct (12)Refine by CountryUnited States (90) Canada (6) Remote (1) Saudi Arabia (1)Refine by StateCalifornia (11) Alabama (10) Illinois (9) Colorado (8) Indiana (7) Maryland (7)New York (6) Texas (5) Georgia (4) Idaho (3)MoreRefine by CityUniversity Park (8) Bel Air (6) Mission Viejo (5) Rochester (4) Statesboro (4) West Lafayette (4)Brunswick (3) Caldwell (3) New Orleans (3) Prairie View (3)MoreRefine by Salary Range$40,000 - $75,000 (1) $75,000 - $100,000 (1) $200,000 and up (1)Email me jobs like thisLecturer/Assistant Teaching Professor of Cyber Analytics and Operations, Penn State Lehigh ValleyPennsylvania State University Penn State Lehigh Valley, Saucon Valley Road, Center Valley, PA, USALecturer/Assistant Teaching Professor of Cyber Analytics and Operations Penn State Lehigh Valley invites applications for a Lecturer/Assistant Teaching Professor of Cyber Analytics and Operations (36 weeks) to start Fall 2021, or as negotiated. This is a fixed-term appointment funded for one year from date of hire with excellent possibility of re-funding. Responsibilities: Teach four courses (approximately 12 credits) each semester for our Bachelor's degree programs in Cyber Analytics and Security and Information Sciences. As security and privacy are inherently interdisciplinary, we are interested in human, social, behavioral, political, and economic aspects, in addition to technical and engineering aspects, of security and privacy. Candidates must be able to teach courses in, but not limited to: Blockchain security, cryptocurrencies, applied crypto; cybercrime, cyber law, dark web Privacy by design, privacy preserving technologies, formal/statistical...Jan 25, 2021Full timeLecturer/Assistant Teaching Professor of Cyber Analytics and Operations Penn State Lehigh Valley invites applications for a Lecturer/Assistant Teaching Professor of Cyber Analytics and Operations (36 weeks) to start Fall 2021, or as negotiated. This is a fixed-term appointment funded for one year from date of hire with excellent possibility of re-funding. Responsibilities: Teach four courses (approximately 12 credits) each semester for our Bachelor's degree programs in Cyber Analytics and Security and Information Sciences. As security and privacy are inherently interdisciplinary, we are interested in human, social, behavioral, political, and economic aspects, in addition to technical and engineering aspects, of security and privacy. Candidates must be able to teach courses in, but not limited to: Blockchain security, cryptocurrencies, applied crypto; cybercrime, cyber law, dark web Privacy by design, privacy preserving technologies, formal/statistical...Assistant or Associate Professor of Information Technology ManagementUniversity of Pikeville Pikeville, Kentucky, USAThe University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Kentucky seeks a dynamic and creative faculty leading and teaching in a newly developed Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Management. The successful candidate will have strong systems administration skills and a background in networking, databases, scripting, and/or engineering. The finalist should also possess skills at building a curriculum that is responsive to industry trends and focused on student learning and career success. Applicants must have a strong commitment to teaching in a university setting and the ability to work effectively with others in a collegial environment dedicated to student learning. Responsibilities: Create and maintain an environment that is conducive to innovative teaching and active learning. Emphasize broadly trained skills and a strong passion for excellence in teaching, service, and scholarship. Develop, communicate, and fulfill effective course learning outcomes....Jan 20, 2021Full timeThe University of Pikeville in Pikeville, Kentucky seeks a dynamic and creative faculty leading and teaching in a newly developed Bachelor of Science in Information Technology Management. The successful candidate will have strong systems administration skills and a background in networking, databases, scripting, and/or engineering. The finalist should also possess skills at building a curriculum that is responsive to industry trends and focused on student learning and career success. Applicants must have a strong commitment to teaching in a university setting and the ability to work effectively with others in a collegial environment dedicated to student learning. Responsibilities: Create and maintain an environment that is conducive to innovative teaching and active learning. Emphasize broadly trained skills and a strong passion for excellence in teaching, service, and scholarship. Develop, communicate, and fulfill effective course learning outcomes....Dean of Business, Science, Technology & MathCommunity College of Rhode Island Warwick, RI, USAJob Summary: Provide leadership in creating a culture of collaboration within the Business, Science, Technology, and Math* Division while guiding the growth and expansion of curricular offerings. Support and collaborate with the Division’s chairs, faculty, and staff in a multi-campus environment. *The Business, Science, Technology, Math division is comprised of the following departments: Biology, Business and Professional Studies, Chemistry, Computer Studies, Math, and Physics and Engineering. Duties and Responsibilities: Academic Leadership: Coordinate policy, program, and degree requirement changes and development among assigned academic departments to ensure mutual understanding of divisional needs and goals. Develop collaborative relationships with business, industry, and the education community to facilitate the responsiveness of the workforce education programs to meet their instructional needs and provide communication links to...Jan 19, 2021Full timeJob Summary: Provide leadership in creating a culture of collaboration within the Business, Science, Technology, and Math* Division while guiding the growth and expansion of curricular offerings. Support and collaborate with the Division’s chairs, faculty, and staff in a multi-campus environment. *The Business, Science, Technology, Math division is comprised of the following departments: Biology, Business and Professional Studies, Chemistry, Computer Studies, Math, and Physics and Engineering. Duties and Responsibilities: Academic Leadership: Coordinate policy, program, and degree requirement changes and development among assigned academic departments to ensure mutual understanding of divisional needs and goals. Develop collaborative relationships with business, industry, and the education community to facilitate the responsiveness of the workforce education programs to meet their instructional needs and provide communication links to...Cybersecurity and Information Assurance Faculty - Non-Tenure-TrackHarford Community College 401 Thomas Run Rd, Bel Air, MD 21015The Assistant Professor of Cybersecurity and Information Assurance performs teaching duties for the College; conducts and assesses instruction; assists students through academic advising; establishes, posts, and maintains office hours; and provides leadership for the development, growth, and support of the assigned area. The non-tenure-track position is responsible for teaching Cybersecurity, Information Systems Security, Information Assurance, and Computer Information courses. Work schedule will be based on classes taught, but could include evenings and Saturdays. Other duties include supporting the mission, vision and values of the College and policies of the Board of Trustees; serving on various College committees, task forces and other groups; and participating in various official College ceremonies and meetings. This is a 10-month position, scheduled to begin August 2021. This position will be filled based on availability of funding.Jan 19, 2021Full timeThe Assistant Professor of Cybersecurity and Information Assurance performs teaching duties for the College; conducts and assesses instruction; assists students through academic advising; establishes, posts, and maintains office hours; and provides leadership for the development, growth, and support of the assigned area. The non-tenure-track position is responsible for teaching Cybersecurity, Information Systems Security, Information Assurance, and Computer Information courses. Work schedule will be based on classes taught, but could include evenings and Saturdays. Other duties include supporting the mission, vision and values of the College and policies of the Board of Trustees; serving on various College committees, task forces and other groups; and participating in various official College ceremonies and meetings. This is a 10-month position, scheduled to begin August 2021. This position will be filled based on availability of funding.Tenure-Track Faculty Positions in Computing and SoftwareMcMaster University, Computing and Software Department Hamilton, ON, CanadaTenure-Track Faculty Positions McMaster University, Department of Computing and Software McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. Position Description McMaster University’s Faculty of Engineering invites applications for eight tenure-track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor in the Department of Computing and Software; however, exceptional candidates may be considered at the rank of Associate Professor. The positions will be located on the main university campus to begin on July 1, 2021, or shortly thereafter. Applicants in all areas of Computer Science and Software Engineering are encouraged to apply. The Department has identified specific needs in machine learning, software engineering, human-computer interaction (HCI), security,...Jan 15, 2021Full timeTenure-Track Faculty Positions McMaster University, Department of Computing and Software McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. Position Description McMaster University’s Faculty of Engineering invites applications for eight tenure-track positions at the rank of Assistant Professor in the Department of Computing and Software; however, exceptional candidates may be considered at the rank of Associate Professor. The positions will be located on the main university campus to begin on July 1, 2021, or shortly thereafter. Applicants in all areas of Computer Science and Software Engineering are encouraged to apply. The Department has identified specific needs in machine learning, software engineering, human-computer interaction (HCI), security,...Assistant, Associate or Full Teaching Professor (LPSOE/LSOE/SR LSOE)University of California, San Diego La Jolla, San Diego, CA, USAAssistant, Associate or Full Teaching Professor (LPSOE/LSOE/SR LSOE) - Computational Social Science, University of California San Diego The Division of Social Sciences at UC San Diego invites applications for a tenured or tenure-track Teaching Professor position in Computational Social Science, with a start date of July 1st, 2021. The position: A Teaching Professor is also known within the UC system as a Lecturer with (Potential) Security of Employment (L[P]SOE). The Teaching Professor series parallels that of the research-focused faculty series but with emphasis upon excellence in teaching and other instruction-related activities. Individuals in the position are expected to provide outstanding teaching, as well as to engage in professional activity and service related to the pedagogical mission of the program and university. This appointment confers membership in the Academic Senate. The Teaching Professor series includes security of employment analogous to...Jan 14, 2021Full timeAssistant, Associate or Full Teaching Professor (LPSOE/LSOE/SR LSOE) - Computational Social Science, University of California San Diego The Division of Social Sciences at UC San Diego invites applications for a tenured or tenure-track Teaching Professor position in Computational Social Science, with a start date of July 1st, 2021. The position: A Teaching Professor is also known within the UC system as a Lecturer with (Potential) Security of Employment (L[P]SOE). The Teaching Professor series parallels that of the research-focused faculty series but with emphasis upon excellence in teaching and other instruction-related activities. Individuals in the position are expected to provide outstanding teaching, as well as to engage in professional activity and service related to the pedagogical mission of the program and university. This appointment confers membership in the Academic Senate. The Teaching Professor series includes security of employment analogous to...Postdoctoral Research Fellowships in Reconfigurable ComputingKAUST (King Abdullah University of Science and Technology) Thuwal 23955, Saudi ArabiaPostdoctoral Research Fellowships in Reconfigurable Computing There are multiple Postdoctoral Research Fellow openings available at KAUST, Saudi Arabia, as part of the launch of the new Accelerated Connected Computing Lab (ACCL) in the Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division ( https://cemse.kaust.edu.sa ). KAUST is a postgraduate-only research university on the shores of the Red Sea, just one hour from Jeddah International Airport. Postdocs enjoy generous stipends/salaries and free accommodation and healthcare on a world class campus with ample recreational facilities and a private beach. KAUST offers you the opportunity to pursue world-class research among a highly diverse student/postdoc population of high achievers, and interaction with world-leading faculty across a range of disciplines. As founding members of ACCL, you will be able to influence the design and deployment of a new FPGA testbed and help initiate...Jan 12, 2021Full timePostdoctoral Research Fellowships in Reconfigurable Computing There are multiple Postdoctoral Research Fellow openings available at KAUST, Saudi Arabia, as part of the launch of the new Accelerated Connected Computing Lab (ACCL) in the Computer, Electrical and Mathematical Sciences and Engineering (CEMSE) Division ( https://cemse.kaust.edu.sa ). KAUST is a postgraduate-only research university on the shores of the Red Sea, just one hour from Jeddah International Airport. Postdocs enjoy generous stipends/salaries and free accommodation and healthcare on a world class campus with ample recreational facilities and a private beach. KAUST offers you the opportunity to pursue world-class research among a highly diverse student/postdoc population of high achievers, and interaction with world-leading faculty across a range of disciplines. As founding members of ACCL, you will be able to influence the design and deployment of a new FPGA testbed and help initiate...Faculty Position - Penn State ESM/BME Data Sciences/Machine Learning Applied to Biological/Health SciencesPennsylvania State University University Park, State College, PA, USAPenn State ESM/BME Data Sciences/Machine Learning Applied to Biological/Health Sciences Position: The Departments of Engineering Sciences and Mechanics (ESM) and Biomedical Engineering (BME) seeks applicants for a tenure-track/tenured faculty position with expertise at the forefront of development of Data Sciences or Machine Learning and application to Biological or Health Sciences. This position is a co-hire between ESM and BME. Engineering Science ( esm.psu.edu ) fosters a highly interdisciplinary environment, promoting collaborations across the engineering disciplines, materials sciences, mechanics, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and biological sciences. Biomedical Engineering ( bme.psu.edu ) combines traditional engineering principles with medicine and technology for the betterment of human health and society. Candidates who enrich our diversity are strongly encouraged to apply. Research Expectations: The successful candidates will have demonstrated...Jan 08, 2021Full timePenn State ESM/BME Data Sciences/Machine Learning Applied to Biological/Health Sciences Position: The Departments of Engineering Sciences and Mechanics (ESM) and Biomedical Engineering (BME) seeks applicants for a tenure-track/tenured faculty position with expertise at the forefront of development of Data Sciences or Machine Learning and application to Biological or Health Sciences. This position is a co-hire between ESM and BME. Engineering Science ( esm.psu.edu ) fosters a highly interdisciplinary environment, promoting collaborations across the engineering disciplines, materials sciences, mechanics, chemistry, physics, mathematics, and biological sciences. Biomedical Engineering ( bme.psu.edu ) combines traditional engineering principles with medicine and technology for the betterment of human health and society. Candidates who enrich our diversity are strongly encouraged to apply. Research Expectations: The successful candidates will have demonstrated...Facilitator - Learning and Development - (Mechatronics Instructor)$6,250 - $7,188 monthlyDallas College Dallas, TX, USAWorking Title Facilitator-Learning and Development Job Title Code CTY Salary Level N07 Salary Range (Full-Time) $6,250.00 mo. - $7,187.50 mo. (dependent on experience and other considerations) Hourly Rate (Part-Time) $32.40 per hour Business Travel N/A FLSA Exempt Position Type Staff Position Summary Responsible for working with business partners, providing instructional excellence and industry expertise, for skill-based program(s) and certification(s). Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Experience in designing, developing, delivering and evaluation of training programs, developing training strategies, and understanding of different training methods and channels. Ability to assist organizations to strategically assess their training needs in an-ever evolving social and economic landscape. Sound knowledge of adult learning principles. Must be able to stay up to date on current training/educational trends and best...Jan 07, 2021Full timeWorking Title Facilitator-Learning and Development Job Title Code CTY Salary Level N07 Salary Range (Full-Time) $6,250.00 mo. - $7,187.50 mo. (dependent on experience and other considerations) Hourly Rate (Part-Time) $32.40 per hour Business Travel N/A FLSA Exempt Position Type Staff Position Summary Responsible for working with business partners, providing instructional excellence and industry expertise, for skill-based program(s) and certification(s). Required Knowledge, Skills & Abilities Experience in designing, developing, delivering and evaluation of training programs, developing training strategies, and understanding of different training methods and channels. Ability to assist organizations to strategically assess their training needs in an-ever evolving social and economic landscape. Sound knowledge of adult learning principles. Must be able to stay up to date on current training/educational trends and best...Assistant Professor of Computer Science (3 positions; restricted to women)Dalhousie University, Faculty of Computer Science Halifax, NS, CanadaThe Faculty of Computer Science at Dalhousie University (https://www.dal.ca/faculty/computerscience.html) invites applications for up to three tenure-stream Assistant Professor positions in any area of research focus for the Faculty (https://www.dal.ca/faculty/computerscience/researchindustry/fcs_research.html). Positions at the Associate level may be considered in exceptional cases. As women have been historically underrepresented in Computer Science, this position is restricted to candidates who self-identify as women. Two of these positions are open to any area of Computer Science, and one of these positions is allocated for applicants in any area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) including but not limited to Persuasive Technology, CSCW, HCI4D, Interaction Design, Accessibility, User Modelling, Civic and Urban Computing. A successful candidate with a high level of research activity in the area of artificial intelligence may be recommended for a Canada...Jan 05, 2021Full timeThe Faculty of Computer Science at Dalhousie University (https://www.dal.ca/faculty/computerscience.html) invites applications for up to three tenure-stream Assistant Professor positions in any area of research focus for the Faculty (https://www.dal.ca/faculty/computerscience/researchindustry/fcs_research.html). Positions at the Associate level may be considered in exceptional cases. As women have been historically underrepresented in Computer Science, this position is restricted to candidates who self-identify as women. Two of these positions are open to any area of Computer Science, and one of these positions is allocated for applicants in any area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) including but not limited to Persuasive Technology, CSCW, HCI4D, Interaction Design, Accessibility, User Modelling, Civic and Urban Computing. A successful candidate with a high level of research activity in the area of artificial intelligence may be recommended for a Canada...Assistant Professor, College of Art and DesignRochester Institute of Technology Rochester, NY, USAAssistant Professor, College of Art and Design 5452BR College of Art and Design CAD Film and Animation Faculty Type (Tenure Status): Tenure-Track Faculty Discipline: 3D Animation Faculty Rank: Assistant Professor Employment Category: Fulltime Anticipated Start Date: 11-Aug-2021 Department/College Description THE DEPARTMENT: The internationally-recognized School of Film and Animation (SOFA) offers BFA and MFA degrees in film production with emphasis in either Animation or Live-Action as well as a BS degree in Motion Picture Science. SOFA provides a creative community where students have the opportunity to discover their unique talents and expressive potential, while at the same time developing the skills needed to fulfill any creative or technical role in the film and animation industry. SOFA enrollment is typically 350 undergraduate and 45 graduate students. https:// www.rit.edu/artdesign/school-film-and-animation . THE COLLEGE: RIT's College of Art...Jan 05, 2021Full timeAssistant Professor, College of Art and Design 5452BR College of Art and Design CAD Film and Animation Faculty Type (Tenure Status): Tenure-Track Faculty Discipline: 3D Animation Faculty Rank: Assistant Professor Employment Category: Fulltime Anticipated Start Date: 11-Aug-2021 Department/College Description THE DEPARTMENT: The internationally-recognized School of Film and Animation (SOFA) offers BFA and MFA degrees in film production with emphasis in either Animation or Live-Action as well as a BS degree in Motion Picture Science. SOFA provides a creative community where students have the opportunity to discover their unique talents and expressive potential, while at the same time developing the skills needed to fulfill any creative or technical role in the film and animation industry. SOFA enrollment is typically 350 undergraduate and 45 graduate students. https:// www.rit.edu/artdesign/school-film-and-animation . THE COLLEGE: RIT's College of Art...Dean, College of Information Science and TechnologyUniversity of Nebraska at Omaha Omaha, NE, USAThe University of Nebraska at Omaha (UNO) seeks a visionary, strategic leader to serve as the next dean of its College of Information Science & Technology (IS&T). IS&T is a diverse community where exceptional students and award-winning faculty work together to address today’s most pressing problems. The college provides students an innovative, multidisciplinary, and engaged educational experience in a unique environment distinct from any other in the region. Through undergraduate and graduate programs and co-curricular opportunities, the college prepares students for leadership in information technology and impactful citizenship in our global community. For more than 100 years, UNO has been firmly anchored in its community, forging partnerships with business, government, education, arts, and civic organizations. No fences or barriers separate students from the opportunities the greater Omaha community offers. At the heart of UNO’s...Jan 05, 2021Full timeThe University of Nebraska at Omaha (UNO) seeks a visionary, strategic leader to serve as the next dean of its College of Information Science & Technology (IS&T). IS&T is a diverse community where exceptional students and award-winning faculty work together to address today’s most pressing problems. The college provides students an innovative, multidisciplinary, and engaged educational experience in a unique environment distinct from any other in the region. Through undergraduate and graduate programs and co-curricular opportunities, the college prepares students for leadership in information technology and impactful citizenship in our global community. For more than 100 years, UNO has been firmly anchored in its community, forging partnerships with business, government, education, arts, and civic organizations. No fences or barriers separate students from the opportunities the greater Omaha community offers. At the heart of UNO’s...Tenured and Tenure-Track Faculty - Assistant or Associate Professor - Software EngineeringOntario Tech University Oshawa, ON, CanadaFaculty of Engineering and Applied Science Tracking Code : FEAS-W21-SE-TTT Appointment Type: Full-Time Continuing Assistant or Associate Professor, Software Engineering Number of Positions: 2 Posting Date: January 4, 2021 Application Review Date: February 22, 2021 Ontario Tech University (University of Ontario Institute of Technology), located in Oshawa, Ontario, advances the discovery and application of knowledge through a technology-enriched learning environment and innovative programs responsive to the needs of students, and the evolving 21st-century workplace. Ontario Tech promotes social engagement, fosters critical thinking, and integrates outcomes-based learning experiences inside and outside the classroom. We invite you to consider joining Ontario Tech's globally trained faculty as we further our reputation for providing a leading-edge learning environment and delivering innovative research. The Department of Electrical, Computer and...Jan 04, 2021Full timeFaculty of Engineering and Applied Science Tracking Code : FEAS-W21-SE-TTT Appointment Type: Full-Time Continuing Assistant or Associate Professor, Software Engineering Number of Positions: 2 Posting Date: January 4, 2021 Application Review Date: February 22, 2021 Ontario Tech University (University of Ontario Institute of Technology), located in Oshawa, Ontario, advances the discovery and application of knowledge through a technology-enriched learning environment and innovative programs responsive to the needs of students, and the evolving 21st-century workplace. Ontario Tech promotes social engagement, fosters critical thinking, and integrates outcomes-based learning experiences inside and outside the classroom. We invite you to consider joining Ontario Tech's globally trained faculty as we further our reputation for providing a leading-edge learning environment and delivering innovative research. The Department of Electrical, Computer and...Dean, College of Arts and HumanitiesCalifornia State University, Fresno Fresno, CA, USACalifornia State University, Fresno Dean, College of Arts and Humanities California State University, Fresno (Fresno State) seeks a new dean in the College of Arts and Humanities, who will partner with faculty, staff, and students to lead the institution in the pursuit of academic excellence and student success. The University California State University, Fresno, one of the 23 campuses of the California State University system, is the premier regional university serving Central California's diverse and growing community. The University serves the San Joaquin Valley while interacting with the state, nation and world. Service to the region is an important part of the University's mission. The prestigious Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching awarded the University its Community Engagement classification, acknowledging its extensive partnership with Central California. California State University, Fresno, with a current enrollment of more than...Dec 31, 2020Full timeCalifornia State University, Fresno Dean, College of Arts and Humanities California State University, Fresno (Fresno State) seeks a new dean in the College of Arts and Humanities, who will partner with faculty, staff, and students to lead the institution in the pursuit of academic excellence and student success. The University California State University, Fresno, one of the 23 campuses of the California State University system, is the premier regional university serving Central California's diverse and growing community. The University serves the San Joaquin Valley while interacting with the state, nation and world. Service to the region is an important part of the University's mission. The prestigious Carnegie Foundation for the Advancement of Teaching awarded the University its Community Engagement classification, acknowledging its extensive partnership with Central California. California State University, Fresno, with a current enrollment of more than...Assistant Professor of Information TechnologyGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484The Division of Science, Mathematics and Technology seeks applicants for a full-time, tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the primary area of Information Technology. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate/graduate IT related courses. We seek candidates with outstanding teaching skills, experience working with non-traditional and diverse student populations, evidence of a potential or distinguished record of scholarship as well as community service via projects, committees and/or leadership roles. Governors State University is the only regional public comprehensive university in Chicago’s south suburban area, serving more than 5,500 students annually. Since its founding in 1969, GSU has offered accessible, high-value educational opportunities to a culturally diverse student body of first-generation students, returning adults, and veterans. With the lowest undergraduate tuition in Illinois, GSU offers accredited programs that have earned high praise...Dec 24, 2020Full timeThe Division of Science, Mathematics and Technology seeks applicants for a full-time, tenure track position at the rank of Assistant Professor in the primary area of Information Technology. The successful candidate will teach undergraduate/graduate IT related courses. We seek candidates with outstanding teaching skills, experience working with non-traditional and diverse student populations, evidence of a potential or distinguished record of scholarship as well as community service via projects, committees and/or leadership roles. Governors State University is the only regional public comprehensive university in Chicago’s south suburban area, serving more than 5,500 students annually. Since its founding in 1969, GSU has offered accessible, high-value educational opportunities to a culturally diverse student body of first-generation students, returning adults, and veterans. With the lowest undergraduate tuition in Illinois, GSU offers accredited programs that have earned high praise...Faculty Position - Assistant / Associate/ Full Professor - Department of Computer ScienceUniversity of North Carolina at Charlotte Charlotte, NCFaculty Position Assistant / Associate/ Full Professor Department of Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte The Department of Computer Science ( http://cs.uncc.edu ) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte (UNC Charlotte) seeks candidates for a tenure-track position at any rank. The Department seeks the best candidates in all areas of Computer Science. It is particularly interested in candidates with foundational, use-inspired, or transdisciplinary research interests in: Foundations of Computing , including quantum computing, combinatorial and continuous optimization, and applications to machine learning. Artificial intelligence , including explainable AI, human-AI collaboration, machine learning, robotics, and computer vision. As an EOE/AA employer and an ADVANCE and Title III Institution that strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained, UNC Charlotte...Dec 24, 2020Full timeFaculty Position Assistant / Associate/ Full Professor Department of Computer Science University of North Carolina at Charlotte The Department of Computer Science ( http://cs.uncc.edu ) at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte (UNC Charlotte) seeks candidates for a tenure-track position at any rank. The Department seeks the best candidates in all areas of Computer Science. It is particularly interested in candidates with foundational, use-inspired, or transdisciplinary research interests in: Foundations of Computing , including quantum computing, combinatorial and continuous optimization, and applications to machine learning. Artificial intelligence , including explainable AI, human-AI collaboration, machine learning, robotics, and computer vision. As an EOE/AA employer and an ADVANCE and Title III Institution that strives to create an academic climate in which the dignity of all individuals is respected and maintained, UNC Charlotte...Indigenous Performance/Performance ArtYork University, Visual Art & Art History Department York University, Keele Street, Toronto, ON, CanadaThe Departments of Theatre and Visual Art & Art History in the School of the Arts, Media, Performance and Design (AMPD) invite highly qualified Aboriginal (Indigenous) candidates (including First Nations, Métis, and Inuit) to apply for a joint, tenure-track position in Indigenous Performance/Performance Art . This position will be a professorial-stream appointment at the level of either Assistant Professor or Associate Professor. The position will commence July 1, 2021. All positions at York University are subject to budgetary approval. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. One of North America's leading schools for the arts, AMPD offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in Art History and Visual Culture, Cinema and Media Art, Dance, Design, Digital Media, Music, Theatre and Performance Studies, and Visual Arts. http://ampd.yorku.ca/ ...Dec 23, 2020Full timeThe Departments of Theatre and Visual Art & Art History in the School of the Arts, Media, Performance and Design (AMPD) invite highly qualified Aboriginal (Indigenous) candidates (including First Nations, Métis, and Inuit) to apply for a joint, tenure-track position in Indigenous Performance/Performance Art . This position will be a professorial-stream appointment at the level of either Assistant Professor or Associate Professor. The position will commence July 1, 2021. All positions at York University are subject to budgetary approval. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. One of North America's leading schools for the arts, AMPD offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in Art History and Visual Culture, Cinema and Media Art, Dance, Design, Digital Media, Music, Theatre and Performance Studies, and Visual Arts. http://ampd.yorku.ca/ ...Non-tenure Track Teaching Faculty - Electrical and Computer EngineeringUniversity of Rochester, Electrical & Computer Engineering Department Rochester, NY, USAThe Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering of the University of Rochester is undertaking a multi-year expansion of its faculty to support its growing research and educational programs in multiple areas. The department invites applications from outstanding candidates for a full-time non-tenure-track faculty position in Computer Architecture.Dec 18, 2020Full timeThe Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering of the University of Rochester is undertaking a multi-year expansion of its faculty to support its growing research and educational programs in multiple areas. The department invites applications from outstanding candidates for a full-time non-tenure-track faculty position in Computer Architecture.Art and Photography Classroom Model - Hired As-neededHarford Community College 401 Thomas Run Rd, Bel Air, MD 21015Models for HCC's art and photography courses will work with student artists in classroom settings, under the direction of faculty members, posing for painting and drawing life studies or photographs.Dec 18, 2020Models for HCC's art and photography courses will work with student artists in classroom settings, under the direction of faculty members, posing for painting and drawing life studies or photographs.Assistant Professor, Media Studies in Global Sound, Audio, and StorytellingGovernors State University 1 University Pkwy, University Park, IL 60484Governors State University (University Park, IL) is a minority-majority institution inviting applications for a tenure track position as an Assistant Professor of Media Studies in Global Sound, Audio, and Storytelling to begin in the Fall Semester 2021. We seek a hybrid practitioner-scholar who will build on the Media Studies program by developing our global sound practices and sound studies, broadly construed. Serving as the Assistant Professor of Media Studies in Global Sound, Audio, and Storytelling, the ideal candidate will have a professional emphasis on sound and audio, including production and associated pre-production and production workflows that challenge traditional borders between creative and critical practice. This position will include recruiting, onboarding, and coaching student documentarians/sound /audio storytellers in creative and scholarly approaches to global social change, and leveraging the social, economic, and ecological concerns of marginalized cultures...Dec 18, 2020Full timeGovernors State University (University Park, IL) is a minority-majority institution inviting applications for a tenure track position as an Assistant Professor of Media Studies in Global Sound, Audio, and Storytelling to begin in the Fall Semester 2021. We seek a hybrid practitioner-scholar who will build on the Media Studies program by developing our global sound practices and sound studies, broadly construed. Serving as the Assistant Professor of Media Studies in Global Sound, Audio, and Storytelling, the ideal candidate will have a professional emphasis on sound and audio, including production and associated pre-production and production workflows that challenge traditional borders between creative and critical practice. This position will include recruiting, onboarding, and coaching student documentarians/sound /audio storytellers in creative and scholarly approaches to global social change, and leveraging the social, economic, and ecological concerns of marginalized cultures...Load moreHomeContactFAQAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobAd AgenciesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedInAcademic Careers © 1999-2021 All Rights Reserved."
