"CLINICAL RESEARCH COORDINATOR - PEDIATRIC BONE MARROW TRANSPLANT job with Duke University | 2071383Skip to main contentSkip to main menuSkip to user menuSign inorCreate accountHire Faculty & StaffFind a jobCOMPENSATION DATACareer AdviceDual SearchJob alertsCollege PagesNewsThis job is no longer availableCLINICAL RESEARCH COORDINATOR - PEDIATRIC BONE MARROW TRANSPLANTJob descriptionSchool of Medicine:Established in 1930, Duke University School of Medicine is the youngest of the nation’s top medical schools. Ranked tenth among its peers, the School takes pride in being an inclusive community of outstanding learners, investigators, clinicians, and staff where traditional barriers are low, interdisciplinary collaboration is embraced, and great ideas accelerate translation of fundamental scientific discoveries to improve humanhealth locally and around the globe.Comprised of 2,400 faculty physicians and researchers, the Duke University School of Medicine along with the Duke University School of Nursing and Duke University Health System create Duke Health. Duke Health is a world-class health care network. Founded in 1998 to provide efficient, responsive care, the health system offers a full network of health services and encompasses Duke University Hospital, Duke Regional Hospital, Duke Raleigh Hospital, Duke Primary Care, Private Diagnostic Clinic, Duke Home and Hospice, Duke Health and Wellness, and multiple affiliations.Operations:Recognizes when typical agreements (MTAs, CDAs, DUAs, DTAs, etc.) are necessary and alerts appropriate parties. Knowledgeable in regulatory and institutional policies and processes; applies appropriately in study documentation, protocol submissions, and SOPs. May train others in these policies and processes. Prepares for and provides support for study monitoring and audit visits, including support for the reviewer. Addresses and corrects findings. May train others. Maintains participant level documentation for all studies, including those that are complex in nature (e.g., procedural and interventional studies) and/or require access to the Duke EHR. May train or oversee others. Follows SOPs and strategies to manage and retain research subjects. Recruits research participants according to study protocol. Screens participants for all studies, including those that are complex in nature (e.g., procedural and interventional studies). Provides oversight and training in screening activities to multiple study teams. Follows SOPs. Independently employs simple procedures for collecting, preparing, processing, shipping, and maintaining inventory of specimens. Maintains study level documentation for all studies, including those that are complex in nature (e.g., procedural and interventional studies). May train or oversee others. Conducts and plans for complex study visits. May train staff. Participates in study team meetings.Ethics:Identifies all AEs, and determines whether or not they are reportable. Collaborates with the PI to determine AE attributes, including relatedness to study. May train or oversee others. Conducts and documents consent for participants for all types of studies, including those that are complex in nature and/or require any orders in Maestro Care. May train or oversee others. Develops consent plans and documents for participants in a variety of studies. May train or oversee others. Develops and submits documentation and information for IRB review. Communicates with the IRB staff and reviewers and handles issues appropriately. May train or oversee others. Prepares and submits documents needed for regulatory and safety reporting to sponsors and other agencies. May train or oversee others.Data:Enters and collects basic data for research studies. May score scripted or validated tests and measures. Ensures accuracy and completeness of data for all studies, including those that are complex in nature. Recognizes data quality trends and escalates as appropriate. May develop tools for, and train others in, data quality assurance procedures. Follows required processes, policies, and systems to ensure data security and provenance. In addition, recognizes and reports security of physical and electronic data vulnerabilities. Maps a protocol's data flow plan including data capture, storage, transfer, management, quality, and preparation for analysis (may include data from EDCs, EHR, mobile apps, etc.). May train or oversee others. Independently uses and implements technology to enhance productivity or process. May train or oversee others.Science:Demonstrates a basic understanding of the elements of research study designs.Study and Site Management:Prepares for, coordinates, and actively participates in site visits. Communicates effectively with sponsors and/or CROs. Uses clinical research management system and its reports to manage research participants' activities, calendars, tracking/marking financial milestones, and all aspects of study visits. Uses required EMR functionalities to manage participants and study visits. May train others. Uses clinical research management system and its reports to manage all protocol activities, including minimum footprint, SIP counsel, and all aspects of maintaining current protocol information. May train others. Collects appropriate information to determine whether the study team's participation in a specific trial is feasible. May make recommendations. For studies with complex supplies or equipment, ensures that there are ample supplies and that equipment is in good working order. May forecast staffing needs. May train or oversee others. Ensures that studies are conducted in compliance with institutional requirements and other policies. Follows, and may develop or implement, protocol-specific systems and documents including process flows. May train or oversee others. Prepares studies for closeout and document storage. May train or oversee others.Leadership:Works with the manager to understand areas of opportunity and develop a training plan. Takes training courses and applies the knowledge and skills. May also train others in the skills learned. Keeps current with research updates by attending key external offerings (i.e. Research Wednesday, RPN, events outside of Duke, etc.) and applies the learned material to the job. May disseminate information to others. Serves on committees and workgroups internal to Duke or externally in therapeutic area of research. Demonstrates interpersonal skills to get work done efficiently. Recognizes and escalates organizational issues that could be optimized to improve research process. Demonstrates resilience and is adaptive to change. Uses advanced subject matter expertise in the therapeutic area or clinical research to solve problems. Communicates effectively with others, regardless of reporting relationship, to accomplish shared work objectives.Description of Clinical Responsibilities:Clinical responsibilities:Type of Research:Phase I - III complex clinical trials involving pediatric population within the Division of Bone and Marrow Transplant.Special skills:Must have excellent communication skills and ability to collaborate with internal & external resources.Minimum QualificationsEducationCompletion of an Associate's degreeExperienceWork requires a minimum of two years of relevant research experience. A Bachelor's degree may substitute for 2 years required experience.Duke is an Affirmative Action/Equal Opportunity Employer committed to providing employment opportunity without regard to an individual's age, color, disability, gender, gender expression, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, or veteran status.Duke aspires to create a community built on collaboration, innovation, creativity, and belonging. Our collective success depends on the robust exchange of ideas—an exchange that is best when the rich diversity of our perspectives, backgrounds, and experiences flourishes. To achieve this exchange, it is essential that all members of the community feel secure and welcome, that the contributions of all individuals are respected, and that all voices are heard. All members of our community have a responsibility to uphold these values.Essential Physical Job Functions: Certain jobs at Duke University and Duke University Health System may include essentialjob functions that require specific physical and/or mental abilities. Additional information and provision for requests for reasonable accommodation will be provided by each hiring department.Share this job with your network:Gallery titleDiversity Profile: UniversityAAUP COMPENSATION SURVEY DATAView moreLearn more on Inside Higher Ed's College Page for UniversityJob No:Posted: 12/29/2020Application Due: 1/26/2021Work Type: Full TimeSalary:Apply now Refer a friendShare this job with your network:See all jobs in:Apply now Refer a friendShare this job with your network:Apply now Refer a friendShare this job with your network:SendSaveYou need to sign in or create an account to saveBack to topSubscribe to Inside Higher Ed's daily news updateSign upAbout UsContact UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyPost a job with usFacebookTwitterLinkedIn© 2016 - 2021 careers.insidehighered.com, all rights reserved. Powered by Madgex Job Board Platform"
