"Jobs | EnvironmentalCareer.comAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsSign inSign upAbout usCareer NewsJOBSPOST JOBSPost ResumePricingCareer CoachBookstoreEventsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs10 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEnergy - Wind Climate Change/ Resiliency Remediation - Brownfields - CERCLA Environmental Science - Engineering Communication - Public Outreach Geoscience-Hydrogeology Forestry WashingtonRefine by Job CategoriesBiology - Ecology (2) Environmental & Energy Law (2) EHS - Environmental, Health & Safety (2)Email me jobs like thisArborist / CDL Driver (must have a Commercial Driver's Lic.) | NW Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Lake Forest Park, SeattleRequisition Number: 105086 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% Arborist / CDL Driver (or Arborist Trainee with CDL) - Lake Forest Park, WA The Davey Tree Expert Company is seeking a CDL Driver/Tree Crew member to join our Residential & Commercial Tree Care team in NW Seattle (Lake Forest Park), WA. A requirement of this position is possessing a valid Commercial Driver's License B or A, and the desire to learn about arboriculture, while working in the Ground support position on a tree crew. Those with prior experience in Arboriculture , Forestry, Landscape, Lawn Care, Construction or working at height are encouraged to apply. DUTIES: Function as a member of a...Jan 27, 2021Requisition Number: 105086 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% Arborist / CDL Driver (or Arborist Trainee with CDL) - Lake Forest Park, WA The Davey Tree Expert Company is seeking a CDL Driver/Tree Crew member to join our Residential & Commercial Tree Care team in NW Seattle (Lake Forest Park), WA. A requirement of this position is possessing a valid Commercial Driver's License B or A, and the desire to learn about arboriculture, while working in the Ground support position on a tree crew. Those with prior experience in Arboriculture , Forestry, Landscape, Lawn Care, Construction or working at height are encouraged to apply. DUTIES: Function as a member of a...Climbing Arborist Foreman | NW Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Seattle, Lake Forest ParkRequisition Number: 105106 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Tree Care Foreman & Trimmers . LOCATION : Office based in Lake Forest Park, WA and serves surrounding communities of Arlington, Bothell, Langley, Edmonds, Everett and Snohomish. SUMMARY : Position requires leading 3-5 years' person tree crews to complete tree pruning and tree removal. Foreman are responsible for utilizing the Job Planning Toolkit to safely and efficiently complete work orders as assigned by management. This includes performing pre-climb inspections of trees before work begins. Foreman works directly with the District Manager to mentor and train new...Jan 27, 2021Requisition Number: 105106 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Tree Care Foreman & Trimmers . LOCATION : Office based in Lake Forest Park, WA and serves surrounding communities of Arlington, Bothell, Langley, Edmonds, Everett and Snohomish. SUMMARY : Position requires leading 3-5 years' person tree crews to complete tree pruning and tree removal. Foreman are responsible for utilizing the Job Planning Toolkit to safely and efficiently complete work orders as assigned by management. This includes performing pre-climb inspections of trees before work begins. Foreman works directly with the District Manager to mentor and train new...Life Scientist/Environmental Engineer/Physical Scientist (WA, OR, ID, or AK)U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Seattle, WA, USALocations Anchorage, AK Boise, ID Portland, OR Seattle, WA Summary This position is in Region 10. The location will be determined after a selection has been made for the position; if selected, you must work at one of the locations stated in this announcement. The salary will be commensurate with the location. About Region 10: Region 10 Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry level of this position, you will: Perform duties related to environmental engineering, physical science or life science to support environmental protection work in a program area (air, water, waste, etc.); a functional area ( enforcement, compliance, permitting, etc.); or a cross media effort (environmental justice, etc.). Perform recurring, well-precedented projects and tasks using standard methods and techniques. Determine the adequacy and accuracy of data and processes, proper preservation and collection of samples and specimens,...Jan 25, 2021Full timeLocations Anchorage, AK Boise, ID Portland, OR Seattle, WA Summary This position is in Region 10. The location will be determined after a selection has been made for the position; if selected, you must work at one of the locations stated in this announcement. The salary will be commensurate with the location. About Region 10: Region 10 Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry level of this position, you will: Perform duties related to environmental engineering, physical science or life science to support environmental protection work in a program area (air, water, waste, etc.); a functional area ( enforcement, compliance, permitting, etc.); or a cross media effort (environmental justice, etc.). Perform recurring, well-precedented projects and tasks using standard methods and techniques. Determine the adequacy and accuracy of data and processes, proper preservation and collection of samples and specimens,...Life Scientist/Environmental Engineer/Physical Scientist (WA, OR, ID, or AK)U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Seattle, WA, USALocations Anchorage, AK Boise, ID Portland, OR Seattle, WA Summary This position is in Region 10. The location will be determined after a selection has been made for this position; if selected, you must work at one of the locations stated in this announcement. About Region 10: EPA Region 10 Salary will be based on the grade level for which you are selected and the duty location. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Perform duties related to environmental engineering, physical science or life science to support environmental protection work in a program area (air, water, waste, etc.); a functional area ( enforcement, compliance, permitting, etc.); or a cross-media effort (environmental justice, etc.). Perform recurring, well-precedented projects and tasks using standard methods and techniques. Determine the adequacy and accuracy of data and processes, proper...Jan 25, 2021Full timeLocations Anchorage, AK Boise, ID Portland, OR Seattle, WA Summary This position is in Region 10. The location will be determined after a selection has been made for this position; if selected, you must work at one of the locations stated in this announcement. About Region 10: EPA Region 10 Salary will be based on the grade level for which you are selected and the duty location. Learn more about this agency Responsibilities At the entry-level of this position, you will: Perform duties related to environmental engineering, physical science or life science to support environmental protection work in a program area (air, water, waste, etc.); a functional area ( enforcement, compliance, permitting, etc.); or a cross-media effort (environmental justice, etc.). Perform recurring, well-precedented projects and tasks using standard methods and techniques. Determine the adequacy and accuracy of data and processes, proper...Landscaper | Landscape Maintenance Laborer - Airway Heights, Washington 1Davey Resource Group, Inc. Airway Heights, WA, USARequisition Number: 103666 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Work Experience Required: Less than 1 year POSITION: Landscape Technician/Laborer — Commercial Landscape Management Starting Date: Applications accepted until suitable candidate is selected. Invest in your future. Join one of the largest Employee Owned companies in the nation ! Davey has a unique culture that focuses on the open exchanging of ideas, community partnership, a commitment to safety, and delivering unrivaled client servic e while acting as industry leaders in horticultural and environmental services. We are currently looking to add a dynamic Landscap er to our passionate team of landscape professionals. Your office is outdoors, and you get a new view every day! What You’ll Do: Cultivate your green career with us! Enhance the appearance and value of properties through execution of...Jan 19, 2021Requisition Number: 103666 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Work Experience Required: Less than 1 year POSITION: Landscape Technician/Laborer — Commercial Landscape Management Starting Date: Applications accepted until suitable candidate is selected. Invest in your future. Join one of the largest Employee Owned companies in the nation ! Davey has a unique culture that focuses on the open exchanging of ideas, community partnership, a commitment to safety, and delivering unrivaled client servic e while acting as industry leaders in horticultural and environmental services. We are currently looking to add a dynamic Landscap er to our passionate team of landscape professionals. Your office is outdoors, and you get a new view every day! What You’ll Do: Cultivate your green career with us! Enhance the appearance and value of properties through execution of...Trimmer | Snohomish, WA 1Davey Resource Group, Inc. Snohomish, WA, USARequisition Number: 102766 Company Name: The Davey Tree Surgery Company Service Line: 2UTL - Surgery Utility Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 75% DAVEY TREE has opportunities in the field of Utility Line Clearance as a Trimmer/Climber for major electric utility operations. Davey is a leader in the tree care, utility line clearing and forestry consulting industries throughout the US and Canada. DUTIES: The Utility Line Clearance Trimmer/Climber provides line clearing and tree trimming services for major electric utility providers. Services provided include pruning treetops, repairing damaged trees by trimming or removal as well as removing broken limbs from wires, roofs, and other objects. Trimmer/Climber is responsible to properly maintain, prepare and operate all tools and equipment including hand tools, chainsaws, chippers, and...Jan 15, 2021Requisition Number: 102766 Company Name: The Davey Tree Surgery Company Service Line: 2UTL - Surgery Utility Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 75% DAVEY TREE has opportunities in the field of Utility Line Clearance as a Trimmer/Climber for major electric utility operations. Davey is a leader in the tree care, utility line clearing and forestry consulting industries throughout the US and Canada. DUTIES: The Utility Line Clearance Trimmer/Climber provides line clearing and tree trimming services for major electric utility providers. Services provided include pruning treetops, repairing damaged trees by trimming or removal as well as removing broken limbs from wires, roofs, and other objects. Trimmer/Climber is responsible to properly maintain, prepare and operate all tools and equipment including hand tools, chainsaws, chippers, and...Tree Risk Assessment Qualified Arborist- Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Seattle, WA, USARequisition Number: 101246 Company Name: DRG Inc Service Line: 1UVM - DRG Utility Vegetation Management Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Temporary Education Level Required: Associates Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 100% The Davey Resource Group Inc Position Announcement POSITION: Tree Risk Assessment Qualified Arborist (Seeking ISA Certified Arborists) Details: Paid Tree Risk Assessment Qualification course and hourly wage during the course. Once TRAQ certified, employees will staff a temporary 6-9 month project with a minimum commitment of at least 3 months required, 6x10 hour days, $35 per diem 7 days per week, housing provided, compensated flights, $25/hour during course, $30/hour once on project. POSITION LOCATIONS: Central to Southern California Davey Resource Group, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the employee owned Davey Tree Expert Company. We provide a wide range of natural resource, utility,...Jan 07, 2021Requisition Number: 101246 Company Name: DRG Inc Service Line: 1UVM - DRG Utility Vegetation Management Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Temporary Education Level Required: Associates Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 100% The Davey Resource Group Inc Position Announcement POSITION: Tree Risk Assessment Qualified Arborist (Seeking ISA Certified Arborists) Details: Paid Tree Risk Assessment Qualification course and hourly wage during the course. Once TRAQ certified, employees will staff a temporary 6-9 month project with a minimum commitment of at least 3 months required, 6x10 hour days, $35 per diem 7 days per week, housing provided, compensated flights, $25/hour during course, $30/hour once on project. POSITION LOCATIONS: Central to Southern California Davey Resource Group, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of the employee owned Davey Tree Expert Company. We provide a wide range of natural resource, utility,...Climbing Arborist | NW Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Lake Forest Park, SeattleRequisition Number: 100667 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% Davey Tree - Climbing Arborist - Lake Forest Park, WA The Davey Tree Expert Company is seeking experienced Climbing Arborists to join our Residential & Commercial Tree Care team in Lake Forest Park, WA (NW Seattle). DUTIES: Responsible for climbing, pruning and removing trees on residential and commercial properties Assist Foreman in completing all aspects of Tree Pruning, Removal, Cabling & Bracing by working as both second climber and ground crew Services provided include pruning treetops, repairing damaged trees by trimming or removal, as well as removing broken limbs from wires, roofs, and other objects...Dec 31, 2020Requisition Number: 100667 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% Davey Tree - Climbing Arborist - Lake Forest Park, WA The Davey Tree Expert Company is seeking experienced Climbing Arborists to join our Residential & Commercial Tree Care team in Lake Forest Park, WA (NW Seattle). DUTIES: Responsible for climbing, pruning and removing trees on residential and commercial properties Assist Foreman in completing all aspects of Tree Pruning, Removal, Cabling & Bracing by working as both second climber and ground crew Services provided include pruning treetops, repairing damaged trees by trimming or removal, as well as removing broken limbs from wires, roofs, and other objects...Climbing Arborist Foreman | SE Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Seattle, RedmondRequisition Number: 98107 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Climbing Arborist Foreman . Davey is a leader in the Residential and Commercial tree care, Utility Line clearing and forestry consulting industries, throughout the US and Canada. LOCATION : Office based in Redmond, WA serving surrounding communities of Auburn, Bellevue, Kirkland, Newcastle, Federal Way and Snoqualmie. SUMMARY : Position requires leading 3-5 person tree crews to complete tree pruning and tree removal. Foreman are responsible for utilizing the Job Planning Toolkit to safely and efficiently complete work orders as assigned by management. This...Dec 12, 2020Requisition Number: 98107 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 3 - 5 years Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Climbing Arborist Foreman . Davey is a leader in the Residential and Commercial tree care, Utility Line clearing and forestry consulting industries, throughout the US and Canada. LOCATION : Office based in Redmond, WA serving surrounding communities of Auburn, Bellevue, Kirkland, Newcastle, Federal Way and Snoqualmie. SUMMARY : Position requires leading 3-5 person tree crews to complete tree pruning and tree removal. Foreman are responsible for utilizing the Job Planning Toolkit to safely and efficiently complete work orders as assigned by management. This...Climbing Arborist | SE Seattle, WADavey Resource Group, Inc. Seattle, RedmondRequisition Number: 95506 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Relocation Available: [[relocation]] Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Climbing Arborist . Davey is a leader in the Residential and Commercial tree care, Utility Line clearing and forestry consulting industries, throughout the US and Canada. LOCATION : Office based in Redmond, WA serving surrounding communities of Auburn, Bellevue, Kirkland, Newcastle, Federal Way and Snoqualmie ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Assist Foreman in completing all aspects of Tree Pruning, Removal, Cabling & Bracing by working as both second climber and ground crew Operate Chippers, Trucks, Aerial Lifts, stump grinders or special equipment...Dec 04, 2020Requisition Number: 95506 Company Name: The Davey Tree Expert Company Service Line: 1RES - Kent-Residential & Commercial Services Employment Type: Regular Job Type: Full Time Education Level Required: High School Diploma / GED Work Experience Required: 1 - 2 years Relocation Available: [[relocation]] Travel Expectations: Up to 25% The Davey Tree Expert Company has opportunities as Climbing Arborist . Davey is a leader in the Residential and Commercial tree care, Utility Line clearing and forestry consulting industries, throughout the US and Canada. LOCATION : Office based in Redmond, WA serving surrounding communities of Auburn, Bellevue, Kirkland, Newcastle, Federal Way and Snoqualmie ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS: Assist Foreman in completing all aspects of Tree Pruning, Removal, Cabling & Bracing by working as both second climber and ground crew Operate Chippers, Trucks, Aerial Lifts, stump grinders or special equipment...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterGoogle PlusLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
