"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9,060 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchMachine Learning Operations Software Engineering Information Technology (IT)Refine by SkillsData Science (8) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Data Visualization (7) Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6)Python (6) Excel (5) Data Management (4) Data Engineering (4) AWS (3) Big Data (3) Business Intelligence (BI) (3) ETL (3) Programming (3) R (3) Software Development (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisSenior Software Engineer, Data PlatformRecursion Salt Lake City, UTWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Jan 20, 2021Full-timeWHAT WE DO At Recursion we combine experimental biology, automation, and artificial intelligence to quickly and efficiently identify treatments for human diseases. We are transforming drug discovery into a data science problem by building a platform for rapid biological experimentation, data generation and availability, automated analysis, model training, and prediction. THE IMPACT YOU'LL MAKE Create a world-class data platform. You'll work with Biologists, Automation Scientists, and Data Scientists to create a platform that allows them to generate and access petabytes of data, gives them tools to quickly iterate on novel analysis, and deploy new deep learning models into the production data pipeline. Build, scale, and operate a streaming data pipeline. You'll be on a team responsible for moving, processing, and analyzing over 60 terabytes of data each week. Provide visibility into operations. You'll create tools, dashboards, and metrics to help lab operations...Software Engineer, Vehicle User Interface (C++)Tesla Austin, TX, USAThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Role Tesla is expanding its UI software engineering team. We are looking for a highly motivated software engineer specializing in front-end software development and creating exceptional user experiences. You will need strong software engineering skills, excellent interpersonal communication, and experience accepting and giving meaningful feedback on technical designs. You will be responsible for the look and feel of the user experience, architecture, and front-end graphics. You will need to collaborate with our top-notch design team and back end developers. Responsibilities Rapid prototyping of in-car customer experiences Design, code and debug UI interfaces/ architectures Work with a cross-functional team of hardware engineers, application/UI software engineers, QA/validation, and designers Requirements Proficient in C++ Excellent grasp of fundamental computer science concepts Experience writing and shipping customer-facing code...Software Development EngineerAmazon San Diego, CA, USAAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAre you interested in making an impact and partnering with various Amazon businesses including our e-Commerce websites, Prime, Alexa and AWS? Ever wonder how it feels to have hundreds of thousands of users counting on you to be performant, innovative and adaptable? Access Management Systems (AMS) is the group for you! We are responsible for the protection of customer and corporate data, while being connected to all parts of Amazon's business and its massive worldwide service-oriented architecture. Whether you're passionate about building highly scalable and reliable systems in the cloud or a software developer who likes to solve interesting and complex business problems, AMS is the place for you. We are looking for a Software Development Engineer to design and build large scale, highly impactful Permissions and Access Management Systems with company-wide reach. There is ample opportunity to innovate and deliver high impact outcomes. You will collaborate with the...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Data Scientist - SecuritySnowflake San Mateo, CA, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. JOB DESCRIPTION Provide technical and thought leadership designing, testing and implementing methodologies to forecast and monitor metric time series. Develop algorithms to detect anomalies, assess risks/threats, and core metric fluctuations with our Security team. Conduct ad-hoc analysis to understand unexpected metric movements and communicate results to other data scientists, product managers and company leadership. Interface with engineers, product managers and product...Principal Data EngineerAmgen Tampa, FL, USAWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeWhat you will do Let’s do this. Let’s change the world. In this vital role you will work closely with product owner/business analyst and delivery managers to understand the complexity of regional requirements. This role will be part of the newly established technical/engineering team, lead design and develop of data flow pipelines to extract, transform, and load data from various data sources in various data format to enterprise data lake and data warehouse system in three regions in AWS. Responsibilities Be able to do hands on work, lead data engineer team, mentor junior data engineers Collaborate with Business SME’s, and Data Scientists to architect data products and services Provide architectural and data model oversight for processes which perform data extraction, transformation, work flow management and data quality check Drive the exploration and adoption of new tools, technique, propose improvements to the data pipelines and system...Senior Software Engineer/DeveloperFidelity Investments Westlake, TX, USAProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeProvides automation solutions for complex projects from an end-to-end perspective including, front-end, middle-tier, and back-end data providers, using Automation frameworks (Selenium), Java and JavaScript, Cucumber DBB framework, and REST Assured. Participates in Scrum activities -- test coverage reviews, story grooming sessions, and sprint planning. Develops and automates manual test concepts using Behavior Driven Development (BDD). Provides business solutions by developing complex or multiple software applications. Primary Responsibilities: Develops original and creative technical solutions to on-going development efforts. Designs applications or subsystems on major projects and for/in multiple platforms. Develops applications for multiple projects supporting several divisional initiatives. Supports and performs all phases of testing leading to implementation. Assists in the planning and conducting of user acceptance testing. Develops comprehensive...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Associate Software Engineericrunchdata Network Seal Beach, CA, USABoeing is seeking an Associate Software Engineer to work in their Seal Beach, CA location. Position Responsibilities: Address all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements and interface definition, design, development, and integration of embedded software for space-based applications, and product maintenance. Support formal qualification testing, including software test description generation and test script generation using TCL Ability to effectively communicate with internal customers during development and after product release. Responsible for several parallel tasks as part of a fast-paced and dynamic team of systems and software engineers. Required Qualifications, Experience and Education: Typical Education/Experience: Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related...Jan 22, 2021Boeing is seeking an Associate Software Engineer to work in their Seal Beach, CA location. Position Responsibilities: Address all phases of the software development lifecycle including requirements and interface definition, design, development, and integration of embedded software for space-based applications, and product maintenance. Support formal qualification testing, including software test description generation and test script generation using TCL Ability to effectively communicate with internal customers during development and after product release. Responsible for several parallel tasks as part of a fast-paced and dynamic team of systems and software engineers. Required Qualifications, Experience and Education: Typical Education/Experience: Education/experience typically acquired through advanced technical education from an accredited course of study in engineering, computer science, mathematics, physics or chemistry (e.g. Bachelor) and typically 2 or more years' related...Sales Analysticrunchdata Network Tolleson, AZ, USAIn the Role At OneMain, Consumer Loan Sales Associates serve as the initial contact for customers with a variety of financial needs. You will help customers assess and identify the appropriate products or services OneMain offers by listening and understanding their financial situation. The position will require strong knowledge of OneMain’s personal lending products and a high level of motivation to meet or exceed goals. Our work focuses on new and previous customers who are looking for additional financing or insurance options to meet their personal financial needs. OneMain is now hiring for multiple Sales Associate positions at our Tempe, AZ facility and will start on Febuary 8th, 2020. A career with OneMain offers you the potential to earn an annual salary plus incentives. You can steer your career with access to a variety of robust training programs and opportunities to advance toward leadership roles. Other team member benefits include competitive pay, variable incentives tied...Jan 22, 2021In the Role At OneMain, Consumer Loan Sales Associates serve as the initial contact for customers with a variety of financial needs. You will help customers assess and identify the appropriate products or services OneMain offers by listening and understanding their financial situation. The position will require strong knowledge of OneMain’s personal lending products and a high level of motivation to meet or exceed goals. Our work focuses on new and previous customers who are looking for additional financing or insurance options to meet their personal financial needs. OneMain is now hiring for multiple Sales Associate positions at our Tempe, AZ facility and will start on Febuary 8th, 2020. A career with OneMain offers you the potential to earn an annual salary plus incentives. You can steer your career with access to a variety of robust training programs and opportunities to advance toward leadership roles. Other team member benefits include competitive pay, variable incentives tied...Senior Cybersecurity System Engineericrunchdata Network Tustin, CA, USABoeing is currently looking for a Senior Product Security Engineer to join the Boeing team in Seal Beach, CA, Titusville, FL, and Aurora, CO. This position will focus on supporting a proprietary program with activities in several states. A successful candidate will understand the importance of cyber security during all phases of a program and enjoy working closely with the Customer to provide a secure system. Position Responsibilities: Product Security Engineer responsible for applying an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to plan, design, develop, validate and verify lifecycle balanced information system security solutions. Leads a team of Product Security Engineers that will implement cybersecurity features on satellite vehicles and implement RMF processes for embedded computing systems. Evaluates resilient network operations for a satellite system and implements effective crypto keying techniques. Evaluates customer/operational needs to define and coordinate system...Jan 22, 2021Boeing is currently looking for a Senior Product Security Engineer to join the Boeing team in Seal Beach, CA, Titusville, FL, and Aurora, CO. This position will focus on supporting a proprietary program with activities in several states. A successful candidate will understand the importance of cyber security during all phases of a program and enjoy working closely with the Customer to provide a secure system. Position Responsibilities: Product Security Engineer responsible for applying an interdisciplinary, collaborative approach to plan, design, develop, validate and verify lifecycle balanced information system security solutions. Leads a team of Product Security Engineers that will implement cybersecurity features on satellite vehicles and implement RMF processes for embedded computing systems. Evaluates resilient network operations for a satellite system and implements effective crypto keying techniques. Evaluates customer/operational needs to define and coordinate system...Senior Credit and Risk Compliance Analysticrunchdata Network Rosemount, MN 55068, USACHS has an exciting opportunity in our Compliance and Integrity group. We are looking for a Senior Credit Compliance Analyst to support the Corporate Credit Center of Excellence and CHS Capital teams, specifically focusing in the area of credit and lending compliance. You must possess strong analytical, communications and partnering skills with demonstrated ability for strategic leadership and visionary thinking regarding large scale, cross functional initiatives. You will: Implement and oversee a consistent and standard Credit Compliance Program across the company, considering the risks and characteristics (including local requirements) of each Business, and promote compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and internal policies. Implement and tailor standards and methodology for governance, risk assessment, policy development, training, surveillance, monitoring, testing and reporting activities including maintaining an effective compliance training and communications...Jan 22, 2021CHS has an exciting opportunity in our Compliance and Integrity group. We are looking for a Senior Credit Compliance Analyst to support the Corporate Credit Center of Excellence and CHS Capital teams, specifically focusing in the area of credit and lending compliance. You must possess strong analytical, communications and partnering skills with demonstrated ability for strategic leadership and visionary thinking regarding large scale, cross functional initiatives. You will: Implement and oversee a consistent and standard Credit Compliance Program across the company, considering the risks and characteristics (including local requirements) of each Business, and promote compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and internal policies. Implement and tailor standards and methodology for governance, risk assessment, policy development, training, surveillance, monitoring, testing and reporting activities including maintaining an effective compliance training and communications...Electromagnetic Effects and Analysis Engineer – DER or ODA Unit Member - Level 5icrunchdata Network Katy, TX, USABoeing is looking for a strong Senior Electromagnetic Effects and Analysis Engineer – DER or ODA Unit Member. Candidates have the option of working out of Oklahoma City, OK, Saint Louis, MO, Albuquerque, NM , El Segundo, CA, Philadelphia, PA, Houston, TX, Huntsville, AL, or Mesa, AZ. This position requires FAA authorizations for Lightning HIRF Protection & Electrical Equipment / Systems through existing Designated Engineering Representative (DER) or Organization Designation Authorization (ODA) Unit Member. Authorizations should include one or more of the following: Detail Design and Installation, Equipment Qualification Tests, Service Documents, Electrical Systems, Avionics Systems and Sub Systems, Electrical Load Analysis, Lightning HIRF Protection, Safety Analysis, Enhanced Airworthiness Program for Airplane Systems (EAPAS) and electrical wiring interconnect system (EWIS). Familiarity with Military Commercial Derivative Aircraft (MCDA) certification methods a plus. Support of...Jan 22, 2021Boeing is looking for a strong Senior Electromagnetic Effects and Analysis Engineer – DER or ODA Unit Member. Candidates have the option of working out of Oklahoma City, OK, Saint Louis, MO, Albuquerque, NM , El Segundo, CA, Philadelphia, PA, Houston, TX, Huntsville, AL, or Mesa, AZ. This position requires FAA authorizations for Lightning HIRF Protection & Electrical Equipment / Systems through existing Designated Engineering Representative (DER) or Organization Designation Authorization (ODA) Unit Member. Authorizations should include one or more of the following: Detail Design and Installation, Equipment Qualification Tests, Service Documents, Electrical Systems, Avionics Systems and Sub Systems, Electrical Load Analysis, Lightning HIRF Protection, Safety Analysis, Enhanced Airworthiness Program for Airplane Systems (EAPAS) and electrical wiring interconnect system (EWIS). Familiarity with Military Commercial Derivative Aircraft (MCDA) certification methods a plus. Support of...Technology Support Engineericrunchdata Network Evansville, IN, USAOneMain has over 10,000 team members on a variety of end user computer systems. We are looking for a new member of the End User Computing (EUC) Engineering team who will be able to contribute across the board, but also be an expert with Windows OS. You will be part of the primary team to assist in managing mostly Windows OS based systems with PDQ and custom scripts to configure new or replacement devices and updates. You will be directly involved in the design and creation of the company client workstations. You will have the opportunity to be part of a small team of five that supports our entire company. We will encourage and support your professional growth as part of this amazing team. To be successful in this role you should have the following. 2 year college degree, technical school degree, or equivalent work experience. Experience with client management software, enterprise environment, and Windows OS Powershell and VB script experience to automate tasks Working knowledge of...Jan 22, 2021OneMain has over 10,000 team members on a variety of end user computer systems. We are looking for a new member of the End User Computing (EUC) Engineering team who will be able to contribute across the board, but also be an expert with Windows OS. You will be part of the primary team to assist in managing mostly Windows OS based systems with PDQ and custom scripts to configure new or replacement devices and updates. You will be directly involved in the design and creation of the company client workstations. You will have the opportunity to be part of a small team of five that supports our entire company. We will encourage and support your professional growth as part of this amazing team. To be successful in this role you should have the following. 2 year college degree, technical school degree, or equivalent work experience. Experience with client management software, enterprise environment, and Windows OS Powershell and VB script experience to automate tasks Working knowledge of...Autonomous Vehicle Safety Operatoricrunchdata Network Roswell Greenway, Roswell, GA, USAOverview The Operator ensures that the AV is operating in a safe manner. Operators will be physically located on-board the vehicles to be able to engage with users directly and monitor the equipment locally. You will be responsible for operating AV shuttles both in testing environments (no public passengers), and for public demonstrations (with passengers.) The position is a good fit for individuals who are safety-oriented and cautious. You must be comfortable working with computers and machines. Your chief responsibilities will focus on monitoring the AV’s movements and its systems for safe operations. Your secondary responsibilities will be to interface with passengers and/or answer questions they may have. Responsibilities Deploy and operate safely the Autonomous Vehicle on its designated route Assist in moving and transporting the vehicle to the route Perform light maintenance on the Autonomous Vehicle systems Ensure cleanliness of the vehicle Engage with customers and end users...Jan 22, 2021Overview The Operator ensures that the AV is operating in a safe manner. Operators will be physically located on-board the vehicles to be able to engage with users directly and monitor the equipment locally. You will be responsible for operating AV shuttles both in testing environments (no public passengers), and for public demonstrations (with passengers.) The position is a good fit for individuals who are safety-oriented and cautious. You must be comfortable working with computers and machines. Your chief responsibilities will focus on monitoring the AV’s movements and its systems for safe operations. Your secondary responsibilities will be to interface with passengers and/or answer questions they may have. Responsibilities Deploy and operate safely the Autonomous Vehicle on its designated route Assist in moving and transporting the vehicle to the route Perform light maintenance on the Autonomous Vehicle systems Ensure cleanliness of the vehicle Engage with customers and end users...Lead Analyst - Purchasingicrunchdata Network Federal Way, WA, USAResponsibilities Supports critical infrastructure, major projects, and operational activities as the purchasing and commercial lead. Mentors colleagues in Purchasing and lends experience and knowledge to assist others in the department and the business. Administers the competitive bidding process for operational activities and large and complex projects valued as high as several hundred million dollars. Selects suppliers and manages corresponding partnerships for Avangrid Renewables and other operating companies as applicable. Drive cost reduction initiatives, customer service levels, generate reports and other initiatives across the enterprise. Perform other duties assigned by management. MAJOR ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (Scope of work - range of responsibilities): 1. Strategically sources commodities and services for operational activities, critical infrastructure, major projects, and other projects valued at as high as several hundred million dollars, using a variety of...Jan 22, 2021Responsibilities Supports critical infrastructure, major projects, and operational activities as the purchasing and commercial lead. Mentors colleagues in Purchasing and lends experience and knowledge to assist others in the department and the business. Administers the competitive bidding process for operational activities and large and complex projects valued as high as several hundred million dollars. Selects suppliers and manages corresponding partnerships for Avangrid Renewables and other operating companies as applicable. Drive cost reduction initiatives, customer service levels, generate reports and other initiatives across the enterprise. Perform other duties assigned by management. MAJOR ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES (Scope of work - range of responsibilities): 1. Strategically sources commodities and services for operational activities, critical infrastructure, major projects, and other projects valued at as high as several hundred million dollars, using a variety of...Credit Analysticrunchdata Network Minneapolis, MN, USARef ID: 02310-0011662007 Classification: Credit Analyst Compensation: $65000.00 to $75000.00 yearly Our client, a commercial bank in the Twin Cities, is seeking a Credit Analyst to join their growing team. In this position you will work directly with the SVP of Credit as well as well as a team of credit analysts. The position is responsible for credit analysis on a variety of commercial loans. You will also participate in credit committee and client meetings. This position requires 2 years CRE or C&I experience with strong financial analysis ability and excellent written and verbal communication skills. If you are interested in the position, please email your resume to John Mantz at john.mantzroberthalffs.com. Job Requirements: Commercial Banking, Commercial Credit, SBA Lending Robert Half Finance & Accounting matches skilled professionals with remote or on-site jobs in accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more on a full-time basis. Our experienced staffing...Jan 22, 2021Ref ID: 02310-0011662007 Classification: Credit Analyst Compensation: $65000.00 to $75000.00 yearly Our client, a commercial bank in the Twin Cities, is seeking a Credit Analyst to join their growing team. In this position you will work directly with the SVP of Credit as well as well as a team of credit analysts. The position is responsible for credit analysis on a variety of commercial loans. You will also participate in credit committee and client meetings. This position requires 2 years CRE or C&I experience with strong financial analysis ability and excellent written and verbal communication skills. If you are interested in the position, please email your resume to John Mantz at john.mantzroberthalffs.com. Job Requirements: Commercial Banking, Commercial Credit, SBA Lending Robert Half Finance & Accounting matches skilled professionals with remote or on-site jobs in accounting, bookkeeping, finance, audit, taxation and more on a full-time basis. Our experienced staffing...Financial Analysticrunchdata Network Boise, ID, USARef ID: 03590-9502812322 Classification: Financial Analyst Compensation: DOE Accountemps is looking to fill an entry level Financial Analyst position in the Treasure Valley area. This financial analyst role will have the following requirements; not limited to: - Report upcoming revenue costs and expenditures to establish a cost structure - Analyze past projects and costs to determine capital budgeting for future projects - Prepare reports and provide financial forecasting - Assist the financial department as needed. We would love to hear from you about this open Accountemps position Please contact Mel Linnemeyer at 208.336.9220 and send your resume to BoiseAccountemps.com with the subject line 'Financial Analyst Position Interest'. You can also visit us online at www.Accountemps.com to see the other opportunities we have available Job Requirements: Financial or Accounting degree a plus Understanding of ERP system (Enterprise Resource Planning) Accurate and fast data entry skills...Jan 22, 2021Ref ID: 03590-9502812322 Classification: Financial Analyst Compensation: DOE Accountemps is looking to fill an entry level Financial Analyst position in the Treasure Valley area. This financial analyst role will have the following requirements; not limited to: - Report upcoming revenue costs and expenditures to establish a cost structure - Analyze past projects and costs to determine capital budgeting for future projects - Prepare reports and provide financial forecasting - Assist the financial department as needed. We would love to hear from you about this open Accountemps position Please contact Mel Linnemeyer at 208.336.9220 and send your resume to BoiseAccountemps.com with the subject line 'Financial Analyst Position Interest'. You can also visit us online at www.Accountemps.com to see the other opportunities we have available Job Requirements: Financial or Accounting degree a plus Understanding of ERP system (Enterprise Resource Planning) Accurate and fast data entry skills...AWS Sr Software Engineer - $125,000-$135,000 - Fairfax, VAicrunchdata Network Roswell Greenway, Roswell, GA, USAAWS Sr Software Engineer - $125k-135k - Fairfax VA One of my best clients is seeking an SSE to join their team to work onsite in Fairfax, VA. About my client : 120 employees HQ in Fairfax, VA. They are remote now but want the candidates in-office once they return They are a health technology company that uses evidence-based data to solve health challenges. They come up with research-related products that can be utilized in the healthcare field employees Skills 6 yrs of Java Development Springboot and Kafka STRONG Kubernetes/Docker experience required HIPAA or Healthcare experience preferred AWS experience required Why this company Solid mission, VERY strong funding Never stopped hiring during COVID-19, very stable Really strong benefits Benefits Up to 10% bonus for each role, to be paid out quarterly 80% health, dental & vision coverage for individual AND families 401k - 100% match up to 6%. Fully vested after first year Unlimited sick leave, 3 weeks PTO Please...Jan 22, 2021AWS Sr Software Engineer - $125k-135k - Fairfax VA One of my best clients is seeking an SSE to join their team to work onsite in Fairfax, VA. About my client : 120 employees HQ in Fairfax, VA. They are remote now but want the candidates in-office once they return They are a health technology company that uses evidence-based data to solve health challenges. They come up with research-related products that can be utilized in the healthcare field employees Skills 6 yrs of Java Development Springboot and Kafka STRONG Kubernetes/Docker experience required HIPAA or Healthcare experience preferred AWS experience required Why this company Solid mission, VERY strong funding Never stopped hiring during COVID-19, very stable Really strong benefits Benefits Up to 10% bonus for each role, to be paid out quarterly 80% health, dental & vision coverage for individual AND families 401k - 100% match up to 6%. Fully vested after first year Unlimited sick leave, 3 weeks PTO Please...Software Development Engineer - TS/SCIicrunchdata Network Denver, CO, USASalary in the $140-200,000 range Comprehensive Benefit and Retirement Programs. The qualifying candidate will be a highly motivated individual with a strong background in C++ and Python development and a solid foundational knowledge of computer science. Will work closely with Digital Signal Processing (DSP) engineers and other domain experts to both develop new tools and improve existing ones. Any knowledge of signal processing techniques and algorithms; a strong math background – particularly knowledge of Fourier transforms or linear algebra; knowledge of geolocation techniques; or general familiarity with RF physics will make for the most successful candidate. Responsibilities will include: rapid prototyping, developing, modifying and improving a suite of signal processing tools; implementation of real-time signal processing algorithms on Linux-based SDR platforms; supporting customer needs and requirements; and analyzing and troubleshooting system performance. Who Will Be a Great...Jan 22, 2021Salary in the $140-200,000 range Comprehensive Benefit and Retirement Programs. The qualifying candidate will be a highly motivated individual with a strong background in C++ and Python development and a solid foundational knowledge of computer science. Will work closely with Digital Signal Processing (DSP) engineers and other domain experts to both develop new tools and improve existing ones. Any knowledge of signal processing techniques and algorithms; a strong math background – particularly knowledge of Fourier transforms or linear algebra; knowledge of geolocation techniques; or general familiarity with RF physics will make for the most successful candidate. Responsibilities will include: rapid prototyping, developing, modifying and improving a suite of signal processing tools; implementation of real-time signal processing algorithms on Linux-based SDR platforms; supporting customer needs and requirements; and analyzing and troubleshooting system performance. Who Will Be a Great...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
