"Jobs in Colorado | HireLatinos.orgJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobResume SearchPricingModal titleCloseFind Jobs36 jobs found in ColoradoManager II, SalesAmerican Red Cross Statewide, ColoradoPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Reporting to the Division Sales Director, the Sales Manager II is responsible for growth within the Territory. Directs the sale of training services and products to Top Tier accounts and targeted acquisition prospects through Sales Representatives and personal sales activities. Primary responsibilities are protecting and growing revenues from current accounts and generating new revenues from targeted acquisition accounts, achieving territory sales goals, managing team performance, overseeing use of sales metrics by Sales Representatives and assisting the Division Sales Director in budget administration. The salary range for this position is: Grade 14- 110% Geo Diff (Colorado): $97,460 - $129,910 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities 1. Responsible for managing the assigned sales team.. Plans and directs assigned sales force activities including business development efforts, customer communications, and assistance in preparation of sales forecasts. 2. The Sales Manager II in conjunction with reporting sales staff will sell PHSS products and services to corporate, government and/ or not for profit customers. Seeks and acts upon leads and builds relationships with potential customers to bring them to close. 3. Identifies business and growth opportunities using an existing network of industry contacts to generate new business. Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. 4. Hires high-performing salespeople according to HR staffing guidelines. Trains new sales people to ensure success, coaches and develops existing direct reports. 5. Drives the sales process for PHSS products and services ensuring compliance. 6. Ensures productive and positive relationship with customers. Explores and builds partner relationships to develop and/or enhance business alliances externally and with OneRedCross partners (Chapters and Blood Services). 7. Responsible for ensuring the assigned sales volume and profitability objectives are met. 8. Personally observes day-to-day performance of all sales team members and provides support in effort to maintain and improve relationships with the Top Tier clients. 9. Cultivates effective business relationships with executive decision makers in key accounts. 10. Responsible for managing resources allocated, including budget and personnel. 11. Minimum 4 FTEs; typically 5 to 9 direct reports. 12. Territory Size: annual revenue target greater than $2,000,000. Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources/Training, or similar discipline. Experience: A minimum of 5 plus years of direct experience in sales and/or product marketing position. Experience in acquiring and managing large accounts as well as Business planning and budget development is required with knowledge of field sales techniques. Work in education tech/services or consumer products/services is a plus, but not required. Management Experience: A minimum 3 years of supervisory management experience. Proven ability to direct and mentor executive level sales team required. Skills and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to recruit, interview and hire professional and experienced business to business sales representatives. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to simultaneously manage several projects and motivate teams under tight deadlines. Ability to participate in and facilitate group meetings. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Travel: Ability to travel 70%. Must have reliable transportation for regional travel. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsJan 20, 2021Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: Reporting to the Division Sales Director, the Sales Manager II is responsible for growth within the Territory. Directs the sale of training services and products to Top Tier accounts and targeted acquisition prospects through Sales Representatives and personal sales activities. Primary responsibilities are protecting and growing revenues from current accounts and generating new revenues from targeted acquisition accounts, achieving territory sales goals, managing team performance, overseeing use of sales metrics by Sales Representatives and assisting the Division Sales Director in budget administration. The salary range for this position is: Grade 14- 110% Geo Diff (Colorado): $97,460 - $129,910 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities 1. Responsible for managing the assigned sales team.. Plans and directs assigned sales force activities including business development efforts, customer communications, and assistance in preparation of sales forecasts. 2. The Sales Manager II in conjunction with reporting sales staff will sell PHSS products and services to corporate, government and/ or not for profit customers. Seeks and acts upon leads and builds relationships with potential customers to bring them to close. 3. Identifies business and growth opportunities using an existing network of industry contacts to generate new business. Identifies business opportunities by identifying prospects and evaluating their position in the industry; researching and analyzing sales options. 4. Hires high-performing salespeople according to HR staffing guidelines. Trains new sales people to ensure success, coaches and develops existing direct reports. 5. Drives the sales process for PHSS products and services ensuring compliance. 6. Ensures productive and positive relationship with customers. Explores and builds partner relationships to develop and/or enhance business alliances externally and with OneRedCross partners (Chapters and Blood Services). 7. Responsible for ensuring the assigned sales volume and profitability objectives are met. 8. Personally observes day-to-day performance of all sales team members and provides support in effort to maintain and improve relationships with the Top Tier clients. 9. Cultivates effective business relationships with executive decision makers in key accounts. 10. Responsible for managing resources allocated, including budget and personnel. 11. Minimum 4 FTEs; typically 5 to 9 direct reports. 12. Territory Size: annual revenue target greater than $2,000,000. Qualifications Education: Bachelor's degree in Business, Marketing, Finance, Human Resources/Training, or similar discipline. Experience: A minimum of 5 plus years of direct experience in sales and/or product marketing position. Experience in acquiring and managing large accounts as well as Business planning and budget development is required with knowledge of field sales techniques. Work in education tech/services or consumer products/services is a plus, but not required. Management Experience: A minimum 3 years of supervisory management experience. Proven ability to direct and mentor executive level sales team required. Skills and Abilities: Demonstrated ability to recruit, interview and hire professional and experienced business to business sales representatives. Work requires professional written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills. Ability to simultaneously manage several projects and motivate teams under tight deadlines. Ability to participate in and facilitate group meetings. Basic computer skills and demonstrated ability to utilize MS Office programs and Salesforce.com or similar client relationship management applications. Travel: Ability to travel 70%. Must have reliable transportation for regional travel. Essential Functions/Physical Requirements Depending on work assignment, may require ordinary ambulatory skills sufficient to visit other locations; or the ability to stand, walk and manipulate (lift, carry, move) light to medium weights of up to 20 pounds. Requires good hand-eye coordination, arm, hand and finger dexterity, including ability to grasp, and visual acuity to use a keyboard, operate equipment and read technical information. Overall mobility is essential. May include sitting for long periods of time, driving a vehicle and working under challenging conditions. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsSAF Senior Regional Program Specialist - MobileAmerican Red Cross Denver, ColoradoPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The American Red Cross Service to the Armed Forces (SAF) mission is to provide care and comfort to the members of the United States Armed Forces and their families. It is the impetus for the establishment of the American Red Cross (ARC). SAF at the Red Cross is a mixture of both tradition and innovation. ARC continues to provide traditional support to military families; serve in military and veterans hospitals, and conduct emergency communication. We also continually adapt our traditional services and create new programs to meet the needs of today’s military member, veterans and their families. The American Red Cross is currently seeking a full-time mobile Senior Regional Program Specialist in Denver, CO to support the Service to the Armed Forces program and initiatives throughout Northern Colorado and Wyoming. The SAF Regional Program Specialist supports the delivery of American Red Cross programs and services to meet the needs of United States military members, veterans and their families in accordance with Red Cross policies and procedures. This is accomplished through working with volunteers and other Red Cross departments to support strong visibility for and execution of SAF programs and services throughout the region. The salary range for this position is: $46, 000 - $48,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities: 1. Relationship Management Support and Community Outreach: Supports building relationships with military leadership, key organizations and community leaders. Cultivates relationships and partnerships with external constituents in the local community, including government organizations, corporate partners, civic organizations and other community charitable and nonprofit agencies with the purpose of furthering the mission of the Red Cross. Outreach includes command meetings, education briefings, presentations or information sessions. 2. Volunteer Management Support: Supports a volunteer program to meet the workforce model and to enable delivery of SAF programs and services. Assists in the supervision of volunteer staff. Works closely with Regional Volunteer Services to develop and implement strategic regional SAF volunteer program. Helps ensure volunteer staff ratio reflects the diversity of the population being served. 3. Service Delivery Management: Ensures the delivery of SAF core services to all clients within their jurisdiction. Supports the other lines of ARC service to ensure the delivery of Preparedness, Health and Safety Services training, disaster preparedness and response, and Red Cross Blood Services. Services may include use of case management system, presenting briefings, collection of data, providing needed materials, and outreach within the community. 4. Reporting & Admin Support: Monitors and reports on the outcomes and results of programs and services to ensure organizational accountability and makes recommendations for continuous improvement to ensure metrics are consistently met. 5. Deployment Readiness: Mobile staff members are required to deploy and must maintain readiness at all times. Annual readiness training and certification must be obtained upon hire and maintained annually. Once activated for deployment, staff will meet regularly with senior leadership to ensure readiness and ability to back-fill OCONUS SAF mobile positions as needed, which may require additional site-specific training with the current staff members at their deployment location. 6. Hero Care Network Contingency Team: Serves as a remote Subject Matter Expert (SME) during emergency situations for the SAF Hero Care Centers, managing surge and disaster response casework and leading volunteer caseworkers as needed. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or public administration, human resources management, community organization, social or health sciences, or related field; or relevant equivalent experience is preferred. Associate’s degree with 5 years of experience or other combination of education and experience which provides an equivalent background is acceptable. Experience: A minimum of five years related experience is required, preferably working with licensed clinical staff, social services, the Veteran’s Administration and/or military healthcare delivery and/or services, and at least one year of management/supervisory experience. Viable candidates must have a valid driver’s license and at least one year of management experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with prior military and/or volunteer leadership experience. Skills and Abilities: Requires strong computer skills. Public speaking skills and the ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing are required. Must have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well in an individual or team environment. The ability to balance multiple priorities is essential. Experience with American Red Cross programs and services is desired. Familiarity with military culture, regulations and protocol is strongly desired. Mobile Staff Requirements: World-wide mobility is a condition of employment and essential function of this position. Employees must accept assignments anywhere in the world, including deployments to any location where the American Red Cross provides services to members of the U.S. military and their families. Mobile staff members must be US citizens and able to obtain/maintain both medical and secret security clearances as well as a no-fee U.S. passport. Must meet and maintain strict medical and physical requirements, including immunizations required by the U.S. military and Department of Defense. Responsible for proper wear and maintenance of daily Red Cross Duty Uniform, and live and work in harsh and stressful environment in conflict areas at times. Some station offices are in remote locations without public transportation. When deployed, you may be required to work 12-hour shifts, 7 days a week. Privacy is often limited, and you may have to share accommodations with co-workers, military members, etc. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsDec 29, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The American Red Cross Service to the Armed Forces (SAF) mission is to provide care and comfort to the members of the United States Armed Forces and their families. It is the impetus for the establishment of the American Red Cross (ARC). SAF at the Red Cross is a mixture of both tradition and innovation. ARC continues to provide traditional support to military families; serve in military and veterans hospitals, and conduct emergency communication. We also continually adapt our traditional services and create new programs to meet the needs of today’s military member, veterans and their families. The American Red Cross is currently seeking a full-time mobile Senior Regional Program Specialist in Denver, CO to support the Service to the Armed Forces program and initiatives throughout Northern Colorado and Wyoming. The SAF Regional Program Specialist supports the delivery of American Red Cross programs and services to meet the needs of United States military members, veterans and their families in accordance with Red Cross policies and procedures. This is accomplished through working with volunteers and other Red Cross departments to support strong visibility for and execution of SAF programs and services throughout the region. The salary range for this position is: $46, 000 - $48,000 Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications Responsibilities: 1. Relationship Management Support and Community Outreach: Supports building relationships with military leadership, key organizations and community leaders. Cultivates relationships and partnerships with external constituents in the local community, including government organizations, corporate partners, civic organizations and other community charitable and nonprofit agencies with the purpose of furthering the mission of the Red Cross. Outreach includes command meetings, education briefings, presentations or information sessions. 2. Volunteer Management Support: Supports a volunteer program to meet the workforce model and to enable delivery of SAF programs and services. Assists in the supervision of volunteer staff. Works closely with Regional Volunteer Services to develop and implement strategic regional SAF volunteer program. Helps ensure volunteer staff ratio reflects the diversity of the population being served. 3. Service Delivery Management: Ensures the delivery of SAF core services to all clients within their jurisdiction. Supports the other lines of ARC service to ensure the delivery of Preparedness, Health and Safety Services training, disaster preparedness and response, and Red Cross Blood Services. Services may include use of case management system, presenting briefings, collection of data, providing needed materials, and outreach within the community. 4. Reporting & Admin Support: Monitors and reports on the outcomes and results of programs and services to ensure organizational accountability and makes recommendations for continuous improvement to ensure metrics are consistently met. 5. Deployment Readiness: Mobile staff members are required to deploy and must maintain readiness at all times. Annual readiness training and certification must be obtained upon hire and maintained annually. Once activated for deployment, staff will meet regularly with senior leadership to ensure readiness and ability to back-fill OCONUS SAF mobile positions as needed, which may require additional site-specific training with the current staff members at their deployment location. 6. Hero Care Network Contingency Team: Serves as a remote Subject Matter Expert (SME) during emergency situations for the SAF Hero Care Centers, managing surge and disaster response casework and leading volunteer caseworkers as needed. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or public administration, human resources management, community organization, social or health sciences, or related field; or relevant equivalent experience is preferred. Associate’s degree with 5 years of experience or other combination of education and experience which provides an equivalent background is acceptable. Experience: A minimum of five years related experience is required, preferably working with licensed clinical staff, social services, the Veteran’s Administration and/or military healthcare delivery and/or services, and at least one year of management/supervisory experience. Viable candidates must have a valid driver’s license and at least one year of management experience. Strong preference will be given to candidates with prior military and/or volunteer leadership experience. Skills and Abilities: Requires strong computer skills. Public speaking skills and the ability to communicate effectively verbally and in writing are required. Must have strong interpersonal skills and the ability to work well in an individual or team environment. The ability to balance multiple priorities is essential. Experience with American Red Cross programs and services is desired. Familiarity with military culture, regulations and protocol is strongly desired. Mobile Staff Requirements: World-wide mobility is a condition of employment and essential function of this position. Employees must accept assignments anywhere in the world, including deployments to any location where the American Red Cross provides services to members of the U.S. military and their families. Mobile staff members must be US citizens and able to obtain/maintain both medical and secret security clearances as well as a no-fee U.S. passport. Must meet and maintain strict medical and physical requirements, including immunizations required by the U.S. military and Department of Defense. Responsible for proper wear and maintenance of daily Red Cross Duty Uniform, and live and work in harsh and stressful environment in conflict areas at times. Some station offices are in remote locations without public transportation. When deployed, you may be required to work 12-hour shifts, 7 days a week. Privacy is often limited, and you may have to share accommodations with co-workers, military members, etc. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsSAF Reg Program Mgr - MobileAmerican Red Cross Ft Carson, ColoradoPlease use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The Service to the Armed Forces (SAF) mission is to provide care and comfort to the members of the United States Armed Forces and their families. It is the impetus for the establishment of the American Red Cross (ARC). SAF at the Red Cross is a mixture of both tradition and innovation. ARC continues to provide traditional support to military families; serve in military and veterans hospitals, and conduct emergency communication. But, we also continually adapt our traditional services and create new programs to meet the needs of today’s military member, veterans and their families. The American Red Cross is seeking a full-time SAF Regional Program Manager in Ft. Carson, CO . This position is classified as mobile, which requires strict medical and security clearances, as well as the condition of worldwide deployment, as needed. Job Summary: The SAF Regional Program Manager administers the delivery of American Red Cross services to meet the needs of United States military members, veterans, and their families in accordance with Red Cross policies and procedures. This is accomplished through managing volunteers and working with other Red Cross departments and community partners to ensure SAF service delivery throughout the Ft. Carson area. The salary range for this position is $47300-$63100. Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications. You will be eligible to participate in an incentive plan based on annual individual and organization performance. Responsibilities: 1. Relationship Management and Community Outreach: Builds strong relationships with military leadership, key organizations and community leaders. Cultivates relationships and partnerships with external constituents in the local community, including government organizations, corporate partners, civic organizations and other community charitable and nonprofit agencies with the purpose of furthering the mission of the Red Cross. Outreach includes command meetings, education briefings, presentations or information sessions. 2. Volunteer Management: Manages a volunteer program to enable delivery of SAF programs and services. Provides supervision of both paid and volunteer staff. Helps ensure volunteer staff ratio reflects the diversity of the population being served. 3. Service Delivery Management: Ensures the consistent delivery of the SAF core services to all clients in their area. • Coordinates services to military treatment facilities and VA hospitals through rehabilitation programs, material assistance, and morale items and support. • Ensures community outreach, to include command meetings and education briefings, presentations, or workshops. • Ensures a strong military community outreach program and implementation of special events and projects in support of SAF initiatives. • Manages support services to military members and their families to include family follow-up information and referrals; and other related services. Provides support for the emergency communications center with local information, as appropriate. • Ensures military and veteran community is offered resiliency training. 4. Financial and Reporting Management: Manages expenditures to ensure programs are operating within budget to support SAF programs and services. Monitors and reports on the outcomes and results of programs and services to ensure organizational accountability and makes recommendations for continuous improvement to ensure metrics are consistently met. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or public administration, human resources management, community organization, social or health sciences, or related field is required; or related equivalent experience. Experience: A minimum of five years related experience in program management or related field is required. Managerial Experience: A minimum of 1 year of successful supervisory experience is required, volunteer recruitment and management experience is strongly desired. Mobile Staff Requirements: World-wide mobility is a condition of employment. It is an essential function of this position. Employees must accept assignments anywhere in the world, including deployments (conflict areas) where we provide services to members of the U.S. military and their families. Mobile staff members must be US citizens and able to obtain/maintain a secret security clearance and no-fee U.S. passport. Worldwide mobility is a condition of employment and an essential function of this position. Must accept work assignments anywhere in the world, including conflict areas, where the American Red Cross is providing services to members of the military and their families. Must meet and maintain strict medical and physical requirements, including immunizations required by the U.S. military and Department of Defense. Responsible for proper wear and maintenance of daily Red Cross Duty Uniform, and live and work in harsh and stressful environment in conflict areas. Periodically accompanies the military on deployments. Some station offices are in remote locations without public transportation. An interim Secret Security Clearance must be obtained if SSC is not currently held. When deployed, you may be required to work 12-hour shifts, 7 days a week. Privacy is often limited and you may have to share accommodations with co-workers, military members, etc. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsDec 29, 2020Please use Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox when accessing Candidate Home. By joining the American Red Cross you will touch millions of lives every year and experience the greatness of the human spirit at its best. Are you ready to be part of the world's largest humanitarian network? Job Description: The Service to the Armed Forces (SAF) mission is to provide care and comfort to the members of the United States Armed Forces and their families. It is the impetus for the establishment of the American Red Cross (ARC). SAF at the Red Cross is a mixture of both tradition and innovation. ARC continues to provide traditional support to military families; serve in military and veterans hospitals, and conduct emergency communication. But, we also continually adapt our traditional services and create new programs to meet the needs of today’s military member, veterans and their families. The American Red Cross is seeking a full-time SAF Regional Program Manager in Ft. Carson, CO . This position is classified as mobile, which requires strict medical and security clearances, as well as the condition of worldwide deployment, as needed. Job Summary: The SAF Regional Program Manager administers the delivery of American Red Cross services to meet the needs of United States military members, veterans, and their families in accordance with Red Cross policies and procedures. This is accomplished through managing volunteers and working with other Red Cross departments and community partners to ensure SAF service delivery throughout the Ft. Carson area. The salary range for this position is $47300-$63100. Note that the American Red Cross sets salary ranges aligned to a specific geographic location in which the work is performed. The stated salary range in this posting is an average. The specific salary information will be shared at the time of phone screening based upon your location and qualifications. You will be eligible to participate in an incentive plan based on annual individual and organization performance. Responsibilities: 1. Relationship Management and Community Outreach: Builds strong relationships with military leadership, key organizations and community leaders. Cultivates relationships and partnerships with external constituents in the local community, including government organizations, corporate partners, civic organizations and other community charitable and nonprofit agencies with the purpose of furthering the mission of the Red Cross. Outreach includes command meetings, education briefings, presentations or information sessions. 2. Volunteer Management: Manages a volunteer program to enable delivery of SAF programs and services. Provides supervision of both paid and volunteer staff. Helps ensure volunteer staff ratio reflects the diversity of the population being served. 3. Service Delivery Management: Ensures the consistent delivery of the SAF core services to all clients in their area. • Coordinates services to military treatment facilities and VA hospitals through rehabilitation programs, material assistance, and morale items and support. • Ensures community outreach, to include command meetings and education briefings, presentations, or workshops. • Ensures a strong military community outreach program and implementation of special events and projects in support of SAF initiatives. • Manages support services to military members and their families to include family follow-up information and referrals; and other related services. Provides support for the emergency communications center with local information, as appropriate. • Ensures military and veteran community is offered resiliency training. 4. Financial and Reporting Management: Manages expenditures to ensure programs are operating within budget to support SAF programs and services. Monitors and reports on the outcomes and results of programs and services to ensure organizational accountability and makes recommendations for continuous improvement to ensure metrics are consistently met. Minimum Qualifications: Education: Bachelor’s degree in business or public administration, human resources management, community organization, social or health sciences, or related field is required; or related equivalent experience. Experience: A minimum of five years related experience in program management or related field is required. Managerial Experience: A minimum of 1 year of successful supervisory experience is required, volunteer recruitment and management experience is strongly desired. Mobile Staff Requirements: World-wide mobility is a condition of employment. It is an essential function of this position. Employees must accept assignments anywhere in the world, including deployments (conflict areas) where we provide services to members of the U.S. military and their families. Mobile staff members must be US citizens and able to obtain/maintain a secret security clearance and no-fee U.S. passport. Worldwide mobility is a condition of employment and an essential function of this position. Must accept work assignments anywhere in the world, including conflict areas, where the American Red Cross is providing services to members of the military and their families. Must meet and maintain strict medical and physical requirements, including immunizations required by the U.S. military and Department of Defense. Responsible for proper wear and maintenance of daily Red Cross Duty Uniform, and live and work in harsh and stressful environment in conflict areas. Periodically accompanies the military on deployments. Some station offices are in remote locations without public transportation. An interim Secret Security Clearance must be obtained if SSC is not currently held. When deployed, you may be required to work 12-hour shifts, 7 days a week. Privacy is often limited and you may have to share accommodations with co-workers, military members, etc. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities and duties required. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization that creates a culture of collaboration and team spirit. We offer our employee’s a competitive salary, wide range of generous benefits including health, dental, vision, life and disability insurance; flexible spending accounts; 401K retirement plan with match; paid time off, holidays and floating holidays. Also, we encourage professional development and provide growth opportunities. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. Apply now! Joining our team will provide you with the opportunity to make a difference every day. The American Red Cross is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to sex, gender identity, sexual orientation, race, color, religion, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. ​ The American Red Cross is a diverse nonprofit organization offering its employee’s professional development and growth opportunities, a competitive salary, comprehensive benefits, and a collaborative team spirit environment. To be considered for this position, please visit www.redcross.org/jobs to apply. To view the EEOC Summary of Rights, click here: Summary of RightsSr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst (#1265096)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO 80916, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst to support our Peterson, AFB location. The candidate will provide operations and technical support to the Canadian Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Planning Case. Duties Include: Provide MUOS Subject Matter Expertise for activities required in the effective implementation, management, and direction of the FMS Case Officer activities required to implement Narrowband operations in accordance with agreements established by the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Letter of Offer and Acceptance Support all operational and technical related aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Maintain a direct liaison with the U.S. Military Departments, Joint Staff, Defense Information Systems Agency, the Canadian Department of National Defense, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the users of SATCOM systems as directed to provide necessary support to the FMS Case Officer responsibilities Support the development of policy and procedures for the implementation of all operational aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case, to include a Concept of Operations (CONOPS) Develop, prepare, deliver, and present reports and briefing materials as directed for recurring and ad hoc meetings in support of the agreement Attend and provide reports/meeting minutes on narrowband meetings Develop the CONOPS for Canadian MUOS use and Satellite Access Process (User and Group Management), Training requirements and materials in support of training Canadian Forces to utilize MUOS The Operational CONOPS will incorporate how SA is reported, it will include how usage is captured and reported Provide document reviews, technical papers, point papers, EXSUMs, written summations, GO one-pager briefs, TF Eagle weekly activity reports, and significant activity reports Assist the Government with preparation of the required billing statements and preparation of annual International Partner budget forecast Assist with coordination of training activities, TDY requirements, facility upgrades, security activities, situational awareness tools, certification activities, and testing activities in support of the agreement Required Skills/Experience: 10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience including Narrowband and preferably Wideband Code Division Multiple Access Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree with 10 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project) Knowledge of International Trafficking in Arms and Arms Export Control Act EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1265096-421753Dec 03, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst to support our Peterson, AFB location. The candidate will provide operations and technical support to the Canadian Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Planning Case. Duties Include: Provide MUOS Subject Matter Expertise for activities required in the effective implementation, management, and direction of the FMS Case Officer activities required to implement Narrowband operations in accordance with agreements established by the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Letter of Offer and Acceptance Support all operational and technical related aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Maintain a direct liaison with the U.S. Military Departments, Joint Staff, Defense Information Systems Agency, the Canadian Department of National Defense, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the users of SATCOM systems as directed to provide necessary support to the FMS Case Officer responsibilities Support the development of policy and procedures for the implementation of all operational aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case, to include a Concept of Operations (CONOPS) Develop, prepare, deliver, and present reports and briefing materials as directed for recurring and ad hoc meetings in support of the agreement Attend and provide reports/meeting minutes on narrowband meetings Develop the CONOPS for Canadian MUOS use and Satellite Access Process (User and Group Management), Training requirements and materials in support of training Canadian Forces to utilize MUOS The Operational CONOPS will incorporate how SA is reported, it will include how usage is captured and reported Provide document reviews, technical papers, point papers, EXSUMs, written summations, GO one-pager briefs, TF Eagle weekly activity reports, and significant activity reports Assist the Government with preparation of the required billing statements and preparation of annual International Partner budget forecast Assist with coordination of training activities, TDY requirements, facility upgrades, security activities, situational awareness tools, certification activities, and testing activities in support of the agreement Required Skills/Experience: 10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience including Narrowband and preferably Wideband Code Division Multiple Access Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree with 10 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project) Knowledge of International Trafficking in Arms and Arms Export Control Act EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1265096-421753Senior System Administrator (#1235074)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior System Administrator to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The ideal candidate must have an active Top Secret/SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain the clearance during employment. The candidate must be a team player comfortable interacting with cyber security analysts, Government leadership, and external organizations. Required Skills/Experience : Install, configure, and provide advanced troubleshooting of Linux operating systems (Red Hat, CentOS) and some Microsoft Windows Manual implementation of DISA STIGs on mission critical systems Manage and operate an IT infrastructure to include Virtual Servers, Virtual Desktops (VDI), Physical Servers, SAN/NAS devices Experience with VMware vSphere Suite of products Must understand Networking concepts such as: vLAN tagging, subnetting, routing, link aggregates, LACP, trunking, etc. Configuring virtual networks and devices that leverage specific network technologies Ability to coordinate with outside vendors for needs outside the normal scope of work Travel: Up to 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements : A completed Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or other related technical field with 6+ years of experience; OR a related Master's Degree with 4 years of experience; OR 10 years of experience without a degree. A degree with emphasis on Cyber Security is a plus, as are computing environment certifications (VMware, Linux, Windows OS). Desired Skills : Knowledge of cyber defensive architecture and technologies to protect, detect and respond to cyber threats and attack Technologies include SIEM, vulnerability assessment, discovery, infrastructure (firewall, IPS/IDS, proxy, network capture), host based security, penetration testing/external assessment tools, forensics, etc. Experience with databases (MS SQL, PostgreSQL) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1235074-145621Oct 28, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior System Administrator to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The ideal candidate must have an active Top Secret/SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain the clearance during employment. The candidate must be a team player comfortable interacting with cyber security analysts, Government leadership, and external organizations. Required Skills/Experience : Install, configure, and provide advanced troubleshooting of Linux operating systems (Red Hat, CentOS) and some Microsoft Windows Manual implementation of DISA STIGs on mission critical systems Manage and operate an IT infrastructure to include Virtual Servers, Virtual Desktops (VDI), Physical Servers, SAN/NAS devices Experience with VMware vSphere Suite of products Must understand Networking concepts such as: vLAN tagging, subnetting, routing, link aggregates, LACP, trunking, etc. Configuring virtual networks and devices that leverage specific network technologies Ability to coordinate with outside vendors for needs outside the normal scope of work Travel: Up to 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements : A completed Bachelor's Degree in Engineering, Computer Science, Management Information Systems, or other related technical field with 6+ years of experience; OR a related Master's Degree with 4 years of experience; OR 10 years of experience without a degree. A degree with emphasis on Cyber Security is a plus, as are computing environment certifications (VMware, Linux, Windows OS). Desired Skills : Knowledge of cyber defensive architecture and technologies to protect, detect and respond to cyber threats and attack Technologies include SIEM, vulnerability assessment, discovery, infrastructure (firewall, IPS/IDS, proxy, network capture), host based security, penetration testing/external assessment tools, forensics, etc. Experience with databases (MS SQL, PostgreSQL) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1235074-145621Security Specialist (#1210691)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, Colorado, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Security Specialist to support our Shriever AFB, CO location. Work includes support for Security, Foreign Disclosure, and Counterintelligence, including: research, writing, presentation, training, meeting and conference attendance, scheduling, video teleconferencing, staff action preparation and coordination, task monitoring tool (TMT) updates and action processing, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, preparation and delivery of briefings and debriefings, records administration, training, clearance actions, escort duties, issuance and cancellation of credentials, Visitor Access Requests (VARs), personnel and facility security, coordination with local law enforcement, base security, federal agencies and representatives of the armed services. The contractor shall attend and support conferences, meetings and briefings as well. Required Skills/Experience: 1 year of experience in a DOD, DoE or other industrial Security program Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: High School Diploma and 1 year of experience in a DOD, DoE or other industrial Security program are required. Desired Skills : Access Control Physical Security Knowledge of security policy and procedures EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1210691-145621Oct 02, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Security Specialist to support our Shriever AFB, CO location. Work includes support for Security, Foreign Disclosure, and Counterintelligence, including: research, writing, presentation, training, meeting and conference attendance, scheduling, video teleconferencing, staff action preparation and coordination, task monitoring tool (TMT) updates and action processing, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, preparation and delivery of briefings and debriefings, records administration, training, clearance actions, escort duties, issuance and cancellation of credentials, Visitor Access Requests (VARs), personnel and facility security, coordination with local law enforcement, base security, federal agencies and representatives of the armed services. The contractor shall attend and support conferences, meetings and briefings as well. Required Skills/Experience: 1 year of experience in a DOD, DoE or other industrial Security program Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: High School Diploma and 1 year of experience in a DOD, DoE or other industrial Security program are required. Desired Skills : Access Control Physical Security Knowledge of security policy and procedures EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1210691-145621Construction LaborerAslan Construction Colorado, USAAt Aslan Construction we have a reputation for excellence and pride ourselves on providing quality results to our clients. As one of the most respected water and wastewater transmission and treatment construction companies in the Colorado-Wyoming area we are dedicated to the safety and career development of our employees. With several large projects in the works, we are seeking skilled, dedicated, and motivated laborers to join our team! We are currently seeking general laborers, operators, concrete workers, pipe workers, and earthwork helpers. Compensation: $16.00 - 30.00 per hour, contingent on experience Overnight travel per diem Benefits: Career development opportunities Consistent work Diversified trade development 401K with employer match (after 6 months of employment) Health and dental insurance Health Reimbursement Account Holidays off (including New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, and Christmas) Paid vacation (after 1 year of employment) Requirements: Willingness to travel to work sites Ability to pass a drug screen and physical Ability to safely lift 60 lbs to a height of 54 inchesOct 02, 2019Full timeAt Aslan Construction we have a reputation for excellence and pride ourselves on providing quality results to our clients. As one of the most respected water and wastewater transmission and treatment construction companies in the Colorado-Wyoming area we are dedicated to the safety and career development of our employees. With several large projects in the works, we are seeking skilled, dedicated, and motivated laborers to join our team! We are currently seeking general laborers, operators, concrete workers, pipe workers, and earthwork helpers. Compensation: $16.00 - 30.00 per hour, contingent on experience Overnight travel per diem Benefits: Career development opportunities Consistent work Diversified trade development 401K with employer match (after 6 months of employment) Health and dental insurance Health Reimbursement Account Holidays off (including New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, and Christmas) Paid vacation (after 1 year of employment) Requirements: Willingness to travel to work sites Ability to pass a drug screen and physical Ability to safely lift 60 lbs to a height of 54 inchesAdministrative Assistant (#1207530)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to support our Shreiver AFB, CO location. PeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to provide Administrative Support to the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense (JFCC IMD) for missile defense operations and planning in support of United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM). The effort includes: Administrative support to the JFCC IMD Commander, Deputy Commander, and assist J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors Support the J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, and travel planning Provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of JFCC IMD video and telephone conferencing scheduling and systems Act as JFCC IMD s alternate TMT coordinator Assign key tasking to the appropriate Action Officer Required Skills/Experience: Experience supporting senior personnel with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, protocol, document control, and records administration Experience utilizing video and telephone conferencing systems Mastery of the Microsoft Office Suite Excellent verbal and written communications skills Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A completed Associate's degree or 3+ years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with, staff action preparation and coordination, and use Experience with the Defense Travel System of task monitoring tool (TMT) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Sep 28, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to support our Shreiver AFB, CO location. PeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to provide Administrative Support to the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense (JFCC IMD) for missile defense operations and planning in support of United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM). The effort includes: Administrative support to the JFCC IMD Commander, Deputy Commander, and assist J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors Support the J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, and travel planning Provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of JFCC IMD video and telephone conferencing scheduling and systems Act as JFCC IMD s alternate TMT coordinator Assign key tasking to the appropriate Action Officer Required Skills/Experience: Experience supporting senior personnel with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, protocol, document control, and records administration Experience utilizing video and telephone conferencing systems Mastery of the Microsoft Office Suite Excellent verbal and written communications skills Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A completed Associate's degree or 3+ years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with, staff action preparation and coordination, and use Experience with the Defense Travel System of task monitoring tool (TMT) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Protocol Analyst (#1207522)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is seeking a Protocol Analyst to support our Colorado Springs, CO operations. Candidate will provide administrative and protocol and event management support to Command group, Management Board, and Program Directors including, military protocol and meeting support for award ceremonies, retirements, internal agency events and meetings; Administrative functions include: receiving calls and visitors courteously, prepare sign-in sheets and maintain related records. Candidate may also determine methods and procedures on new assignments and provide guidance to other personnel. Duties Include: Assist with customs and cultural etiquette and manage Agency flag etiquette Coordinate with local security activities to arrange base access and restricted area badges for visitors Oversee registration for multiple conferences with large numbers of attendees Operate audio and video systems in several conference rooms, providing Video Teleconferencing May be required to drive distinguished visitors in and out of restricted areas and the local community Sometimes require weekend and/or nighttime work Assist in scheduling, coordination and logistics for distinguished visitor support in cooperation with Department of State offices, Embassies, and Ministries of Defense offices Assist in protocol and event management activities to include site selection, event set-up and design and on-site administration and logistics for meetings, conferences and events Required Skills/Experience: Protocol and/or Event Management experience Military Experience/Knowledge of Military Protocol Capable of working independently with minimal direction Possess strong verbal, communication, and writing skills Must be able to lift up to 50lbs Ability to multi-task and complete assignments on schedule Experience working in a team environment Candidate must exhibit strong management skills in organizing, negotiating and executing multiple events for senior officials Competency in Microsoft Office including PowerPoint, Word and Excel Must have a current driver's license Must be a U.S. Citizen U.S. DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Educational Requirements: A completed Bachelor's Degree is required with 6+ years of directly traceable experience is required. Directly related experience (or certifications) may be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills: Strong leadership skills and experience Certifications or documented training in Protocol and Event Management strongly EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Sep 28, 2019Full timePeopleTec is seeking a Protocol Analyst to support our Colorado Springs, CO operations. Candidate will provide administrative and protocol and event management support to Command group, Management Board, and Program Directors including, military protocol and meeting support for award ceremonies, retirements, internal agency events and meetings; Administrative functions include: receiving calls and visitors courteously, prepare sign-in sheets and maintain related records. Candidate may also determine methods and procedures on new assignments and provide guidance to other personnel. Duties Include: Assist with customs and cultural etiquette and manage Agency flag etiquette Coordinate with local security activities to arrange base access and restricted area badges for visitors Oversee registration for multiple conferences with large numbers of attendees Operate audio and video systems in several conference rooms, providing Video Teleconferencing May be required to drive distinguished visitors in and out of restricted areas and the local community Sometimes require weekend and/or nighttime work Assist in scheduling, coordination and logistics for distinguished visitor support in cooperation with Department of State offices, Embassies, and Ministries of Defense offices Assist in protocol and event management activities to include site selection, event set-up and design and on-site administration and logistics for meetings, conferences and events Required Skills/Experience: Protocol and/or Event Management experience Military Experience/Knowledge of Military Protocol Capable of working independently with minimal direction Possess strong verbal, communication, and writing skills Must be able to lift up to 50lbs Ability to multi-task and complete assignments on schedule Experience working in a team environment Candidate must exhibit strong management skills in organizing, negotiating and executing multiple events for senior officials Competency in Microsoft Office including PowerPoint, Word and Excel Must have a current driver's license Must be a U.S. Citizen U.S. DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Educational Requirements: A completed Bachelor's Degree is required with 6+ years of directly traceable experience is required. Directly related experience (or certifications) may be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills: Strong leadership skills and experience Certifications or documented training in Protocol and Event Management strongly EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Sr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst (#1204258)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst to support our Peterson, AFB location. The candidate will provide operations and technical support to the Canadian Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Planning Case. Duties Include: Provide MUOS Subject Matter Expertise for activities required in the effective implementation, management, and direction of the FMS Case Officer activities required to implement Narrowband operations in accordance with agreements established by the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Letter of Offer and Acceptance Support all operational and technical related aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Maintain a direct liaison with the U.S. Military Departments, Joint Staff, Defense Information Systems Agency, the Canadian Department of National Defense, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the users of SATCOM systems as directed to provide necessary support to the FMS Case Officer responsibilities Support the development of policy and procedures for the implementation of all operational aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case, to include a Concept of Operations (CONOPS) Develop, prepare, deliver, and present reports and briefing materials as directed for recurring and ad hoc meetings in support of the agreement Attend and provide reports/meeting minutes on narrowband meetings Develop the CONOPS for Canadian MUOS use and Satellite Access Process (User and Group Management), Training requirements and materials in support of training Canadian Forces to utilize MUOS The Operational CONOPS will incorporate how SA is reported, it will include how usage is captured and reported Provide document reviews, technical papers, point papers, EXSUMs, written summations, GO one-pager briefs, TF Eagle weekly activity reports, and significant activity reports Assist the Government with preparation of the required billing statements and preparation of annual International Partner budget forecast Assist with coordination of training activities, TDY requirements, facility upgrades, security activities, situational awareness tools, certification activities, and testing activities in support of the agreement Required Skills/Experience: 10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience including Narrowband and preferably Wideband Code Division Multiple Access Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree with 10 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project) Knowledge of International Trafficking in Arms and Arms Export Control Act EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1204258-145621Sep 25, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. SATCOM MUOS Military Operations Analyst to support our Peterson, AFB location. The candidate will provide operations and technical support to the Canadian Mobile User Objective System (MUOS) Foreign Military Sales (FMS) Planning Case. Duties Include: Provide MUOS Subject Matter Expertise for activities required in the effective implementation, management, and direction of the FMS Case Officer activities required to implement Narrowband operations in accordance with agreements established by the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Letter of Offer and Acceptance Support all operational and technical related aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case Maintain a direct liaison with the U.S. Military Departments, Joint Staff, Defense Information Systems Agency, the Canadian Department of National Defense, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the users of SATCOM systems as directed to provide necessary support to the FMS Case Officer responsibilities Support the development of policy and procedures for the implementation of all operational aspects of the Canadian MUOS FMS Planning Case, to include a Concept of Operations (CONOPS) Develop, prepare, deliver, and present reports and briefing materials as directed for recurring and ad hoc meetings in support of the agreement Attend and provide reports/meeting minutes on narrowband meetings Develop the CONOPS for Canadian MUOS use and Satellite Access Process (User and Group Management), Training requirements and materials in support of training Canadian Forces to utilize MUOS The Operational CONOPS will incorporate how SA is reported, it will include how usage is captured and reported Provide document reviews, technical papers, point papers, EXSUMs, written summations, GO one-pager briefs, TF Eagle weekly activity reports, and significant activity reports Assist the Government with preparation of the required billing statements and preparation of annual International Partner budget forecast Assist with coordination of training activities, TDY requirements, facility upgrades, security activities, situational awareness tools, certification activities, and testing activities in support of the agreement Required Skills/Experience: 10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience including Narrowband and preferably Wideband Code Division Multiple Access Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree with 10 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Project) Knowledge of International Trafficking in Arms and Arms Export Control Act EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1204258-145621Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner (#1203065)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide Wideband/Narrowband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) exercise planning support to SMDC Task Force Eagle in support of the G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate and provide required Wideband/Narrowband SATCOM expertise for space planning exercise support Responsible providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process Provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Develop and provide exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately Develop storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution and execute these events Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Provide SATCOM Expertise as an Observer Controller / Trainer (OC/T) to support Tier 1 exercises Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by Joint Exercise Support Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Knowledge of Wideband and Narrowband Satellite Communications Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs, including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills Military familiarity and training in DoD SATCOM Demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1203065-145621Sep 24, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide Wideband/Narrowband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) exercise planning support to SMDC Task Force Eagle in support of the G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate and provide required Wideband/Narrowband SATCOM expertise for space planning exercise support Responsible providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process Provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Develop and provide exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately Develop storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution and execute these events Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Provide SATCOM Expertise as an Observer Controller / Trainer (OC/T) to support Tier 1 exercises Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by Joint Exercise Support Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Knowledge of Wideband and Narrowband Satellite Communications Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs, including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills Military familiarity and training in DoD SATCOM Demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1203065-145621Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner (#1202974)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide Wideband/Narrowband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) exercise planning support to SMDC Task Force Eagle in support of the G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate and provide required Wideband/Narrowband SATCOM expertise for space planning exercise support Responsible providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process Provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Develop and provide exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately Develop storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution and execute these events Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Provide SATCOM Expertise as an Observer Controller / Trainer (OC/T) to support Tier 1 exercises Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by Joint Exercise Support Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Knowledge of Wideband and Narrowband Satellite Communications Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs, including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills Military familiarity and training in DoD SATCOM Demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202974-145621Sep 24, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst SATCOM Planner to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide Wideband/Narrowband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) exercise planning support to SMDC Task Force Eagle in support of the G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate and provide required Wideband/Narrowband SATCOM expertise for space planning exercise support Responsible providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process Provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Develop and provide exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately Develop storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution and execute these events Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Provide SATCOM Expertise as an Observer Controller / Trainer (OC/T) to support Tier 1 exercises Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by Joint Exercise Support Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Experience in military operations, daily operational support, planning, coordination, facility, personnel, training and technical analyses Knowledge of Wideband and Narrowband Satellite Communications Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs, including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills Military familiarity and training in DoD SATCOM Demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202974-145621Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support (#1202950)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide direct support to SMDC G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate directly with Tier-1 Exercise personnel to provide required space exercise support Responsible for providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Support the G37 in coordination of all Tier-1 exercises, tracking the status of all exercises, and providing regular updates to senior leaders within the G3 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process, provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Assist in developing and providing exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately The required forces will be input into Joint Training Information System (JTIMS) as requested forces Assist in developing storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by the Joint Exercise Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Extensive joint military planning in area of Space Force Enhancement Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202950-145621Sep 24, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide direct support to SMDC G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate directly with Tier-1 Exercise personnel to provide required space exercise support Responsible for providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Support the G37 in coordination of all Tier-1 exercises, tracking the status of all exercises, and providing regular updates to senior leaders within the G3 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process, provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Assist in developing and providing exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately The required forces will be input into Joint Training Information System (JTIMS) as requested forces Assist in developing storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by the Joint Exercise Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Extensive joint military planning in area of Space Force Enhancement Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202950-145621Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support (#1202942)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide direct support to SMDC G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate directly with Tier-1 Exercise personnel to provide required space exercise support Responsible for providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Support the G37 in coordination of all Tier-1 exercises, tracking the status of all exercises, and providing regular updates to senior leaders within the G3 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process, provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Assist in developing and providing exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately The required forces will be input into Joint Training Information System (JTIMS) as requested forces Assist in developing storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by the Joint Exercise Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Extensive joint military planning in area of Space Force Enhancement Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202942-145621Sep 24, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Sr. Military Operations Analyst Joint Exercise Support to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide direct support to SMDC G37 Joint Exercise Support Group. Duties Include: Coordinate directly with Tier-1 Exercise personnel to provide required space exercise support Responsible for providing Quad charts, Executive Summaries (EXSUMS) and input to the SMDC G37 Support the G37 in coordination of all Tier-1 exercises, tracking the status of all exercises, and providing regular updates to senior leaders within the G3 Use the Joint Event Life Cycle (JELC) process, provide exercise planning for ongoing and scheduled command exercises Assist in developing and providing exercise objectives to be approved by senior SMDC leaders Assist in developing Training Objectives for the training audience Produce a Warning Order and an Operation Order for the conducted and tasking for units in time for units to respond appropriately The required forces will be input into Joint Training Information System (JTIMS) as requested forces Assist in developing storylines and events to exercise the training objectives to be evaluated Joint Master Scenario List (JMESL) will be used to plan and store these events before exercise execution Provide exercise execution support to include controlling the planned storylines and injecting developed Master Scenario Event List (MSEL) Use the Joint Lesson Learned Information System (JLLIS) tool to collect Lessons/After Action Review (AAR) comments to achieve events that occurred during the exercise Facilitate any After Action Reviews (AARs) that are required by the Joint Exercise Group Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of Department of Defense (DoD) experience Strategic / joint planning and targeting Extensive joint military planning in area of Space Force Enhancement Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with Service or Joint planning staffs including J2, J3, J5, or inter-agency coordination Experience with senior military staff Knowledge of military processes, methodologies, and orders pertaining to Space Force Enhancement and JELC Planning experience with JTIMS Possession of excellent oral and written communication skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1202942-145621Senior GEOINT Analyst (#1197190)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior GEOINT Analyst to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. Duties include: Support GEOINT Division, U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command (USASMDC), in the Army Service Component Command GEOINT production unit supporting USASMDC, USSTRATCOM, USNORTHCOM and the National Border Geospatial Intelligence Strategy (NBGIS) Use innovative techniques and applications produce advanced GEOINT analysis (Radar and Electro-optical GEOINT to include: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), Spectral, Polarimetric, Thermal, Panchromatic, Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR), topographic, GIS, and Full Motion Video (FMV) using the latest commercial and/or DOD and US Government imagery data, and Commercial Off-the Shelf /Government Off the Shelf (COTS/GOTS) analysis software Produce state-of-the-art, fused GEOINT analysis reports in response to validated information requests and federated and internal GEOINT support plans using single-source intelligence reporting, all-source intelligence reporting, and Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) data Create complex, cutting edge GIS reports and/or data based on integration of multiple data sources and types to address military and intelligence decision making and operations planning and execution Provide GEOINT Data Management in a production environment Conduct advanced Geo-spatial-Intelligence analysis primarily with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Required Skills/Experience: Strong analytical skills 5 years of experience in spectral or SAR analysis Flexible scheduling required which will include weekend work, and probable 24x7 support 3 to 5 times a year Familiar with Geospatial Intelligence Management System (GIMS) Familiar with writings Geospatial Intelligence Need (GINS) Proficient with the SocetGXP suite of imagery exploitation software tools Familiar with Collection Requirements Analysis Tool for the Enterprise (CRATE) Expertise in creating products using the ENVI or SocetGXP suite of software Strong team player able to thrive in a fast-moving, multidisciplinary environment Experience with and understanding of space assets either terrestrial or on-orbit Energized, passionate, and an effective communicator Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A minimum of a completed Bachelor's Degree or 10 years of Advanced Geospatial Analysis support is required. Desired Skills : Experience in other Advanced Geospatial Intelligence disciplines to include thermal is a significant Experience preferred in more advanced imagery tools such as ArcGIS Intelligence Analyst skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1197190-145621Sep 18, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior GEOINT Analyst to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. Duties include: Support GEOINT Division, U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense Command (USASMDC), in the Army Service Component Command GEOINT production unit supporting USASMDC, USSTRATCOM, USNORTHCOM and the National Border Geospatial Intelligence Strategy (NBGIS) Use innovative techniques and applications produce advanced GEOINT analysis (Radar and Electro-optical GEOINT to include: Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR), Spectral, Polarimetric, Thermal, Panchromatic, Light Detection and Ranging (LIDAR), topographic, GIS, and Full Motion Video (FMV) using the latest commercial and/or DOD and US Government imagery data, and Commercial Off-the Shelf /Government Off the Shelf (COTS/GOTS) analysis software Produce state-of-the-art, fused GEOINT analysis reports in response to validated information requests and federated and internal GEOINT support plans using single-source intelligence reporting, all-source intelligence reporting, and Geospatial Information Systems (GIS) data Create complex, cutting edge GIS reports and/or data based on integration of multiple data sources and types to address military and intelligence decision making and operations planning and execution Provide GEOINT Data Management in a production environment Conduct advanced Geo-spatial-Intelligence analysis primarily with Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) Required Skills/Experience: Strong analytical skills 5 years of experience in spectral or SAR analysis Flexible scheduling required which will include weekend work, and probable 24x7 support 3 to 5 times a year Familiar with Geospatial Intelligence Management System (GIMS) Familiar with writings Geospatial Intelligence Need (GINS) Proficient with the SocetGXP suite of imagery exploitation software tools Familiar with Collection Requirements Analysis Tool for the Enterprise (CRATE) Expertise in creating products using the ENVI or SocetGXP suite of software Strong team player able to thrive in a fast-moving, multidisciplinary environment Experience with and understanding of space assets either terrestrial or on-orbit Energized, passionate, and an effective communicator Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A minimum of a completed Bachelor's Degree or 10 years of Advanced Geospatial Analysis support is required. Desired Skills : Experience in other Advanced Geospatial Intelligence disciplines to include thermal is a significant Experience preferred in more advanced imagery tools such as ArcGIS Intelligence Analyst skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1197190-145621Senior Spectral/SAR Analyst (#1197167)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Spectral/SAR Analyst to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. Project Overview: Providing Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT) Support to the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense (USASMDC) GEOINT Branch. GEOINT Branch mission is to provide GEOINT analytical support to USSTRATCOM, USSPACECOM, and USTRANSCOM. The ideal candidate will have the ability to thoroughly understand remote sensing spectral or Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) sensors and conduct exploration activities related to new sensors or new techniques. Candidate will also have the ability to analyze remotely sensed spectral or SAR data and write detailed analysis production reports. Required Skills/Experience: Strong analytical skills with minimum of 10 years of experience in spectral or SAR analysis Expertise in creating products using the ENVI or SocetGXP suite of software Strong team player able to thrive in a fast-moving, multidisciplinary environment Experience with and understanding of space assets either terrestrial or on-orbit Energized, passionate, and effective communicator Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Master's degree in a Remote Sensing or related field or at least 15 years experience with spectral or SAR analysis is required. Solid hands-on experience is also required. Desired Skills : Experience in other Advanced Geospatial Intelligence disciplines to include thermal is a significant plus Experience preferred in more advanced imagery tools such as ArcGIS Intelligence Analyst skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1197167-145621Sep 18, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Spectral/SAR Analyst to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. Project Overview: Providing Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT) Support to the U.S. Army Space and Missile Defense (USASMDC) GEOINT Branch. GEOINT Branch mission is to provide GEOINT analytical support to USSTRATCOM, USSPACECOM, and USTRANSCOM. The ideal candidate will have the ability to thoroughly understand remote sensing spectral or Synthetic Aperture Radar (SAR) sensors and conduct exploration activities related to new sensors or new techniques. Candidate will also have the ability to analyze remotely sensed spectral or SAR data and write detailed analysis production reports. Required Skills/Experience: Strong analytical skills with minimum of 10 years of experience in spectral or SAR analysis Expertise in creating products using the ENVI or SocetGXP suite of software Strong team player able to thrive in a fast-moving, multidisciplinary environment Experience with and understanding of space assets either terrestrial or on-orbit Energized, passionate, and effective communicator Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Master's degree in a Remote Sensing or related field or at least 15 years experience with spectral or SAR analysis is required. Solid hands-on experience is also required. Desired Skills : Experience in other Advanced Geospatial Intelligence disciplines to include thermal is a significant plus Experience preferred in more advanced imagery tools such as ArcGIS Intelligence Analyst skills EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1197167-145621Signature Reduction Technician SME (#1190303)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Signature Reduction Technician SME to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The Signature Reduction (SR) Subject Matter Expert (SME) shall support all aspects of SR activities involving the planning and execution of sensitive SMDC/ARSTRAT activities and operations. Duties Include: Develop plans, annexes, and other correspondence for staffing/approval Identify SR requirements and allocate resources Coordinate daily with supported DoD and non-DoD agencies to develop and implement effective mechanisms and strategies to reduce the risk of compromise to sensitive programs and operations Support and manage the implementation of SR plans in accordance with SMDC/ARSTRAT directives and policies Advise senior leadership on issues affecting SR programs by presenting mission briefs, and formal staffing memorandums Maintain all required records / documentation, respond to requests for input, and prepare research papers Develop and maintain extensive liaison contacts within national intelligence agency and DoD channels for formal and informal coordination to effectively leverage and expedite support to the development, staffing, activation, execution, and termination of plans as well as other required actions and communications Understand requirements for SR support to space operations to create, sustain, and implement plans for space operations Oversee and manage SR plans, amendments, annexes and associated documentation in direct support to space and SR programs Secure senior leadership approval for new SR plans to provide security for highly sensitive worldwide operations Review annexes to plans as mission requirements evolve Allocate SR resources, oversee tracking and management of SR mechanisms, requests for sponsorship, and systems support Coordinate and review up to four plans or due diligence assessments as recommended by mission parameters within each contract year in support of SMDC/ARSTRAT's efforts Advise senior leadership on issues affecting SR programs by presenting mission briefs, and formal staffing memorandums Effectively communicate with senior level military and civilian personnel to respond to, draft, and advise on all aspects of Serious Incident Reporting Maintain all required SR records / documentation, respond to requests for input, and prepare research papers Conduct Army equity reviews and exercise authority to develop and recommend changes to operational procedures, policies, and priorities, which may result in approval or disapproval of SR plans Exercise a thorough understanding of Intelligence oversight policies and procedures Conduct compliance assessments to include periodic inspections, audits, and inventories to review existing and proposed covers for compliance with governing Army and DoD requirements, recommending modifications and adjustments as required Draft and maintain policies and procedures for SMDC/ARSTRAT, and support the review of plans and/or Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) or other regulatory documents to ensure compliance with established policy and national guidance Maintain situational awareness of emerging threats/limitations by utilizing national intelligence databases, reporting systems and a network of liaison contacts In coordination with G33, implement operations security (OPSEC) in support of SMDC/ARSTRAT sensitive activities and operations Direct quality control, due diligence countermeasure implementation, and user preparation to ensure mission success Plan work flow, make and adjust work assignments, and provide technical guidance to subordinates on the most complex issues Review completed work for adequacy in meeting program requirements Develop performance plans and evaluate employee performance Recommend subordinates for awards and training Provide input to supervisors on SR budgeting requirements based on anticipated workload and production capability Provide the primary input for promotions and award recommendations Keep subordinate personnel informed about the policies, procedures, and goals that affect them Manage personnel to meet all requirements, through defining standards, revising work schedules, developing internal procedures, and cross-training personnel Required Skills/Experience: Deep experience and understanding of a broad array of operational space systems, preferably with operations and DoD HQ-level experience 5+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction (or 3 years counterintelligence (CI)/Special Operations experience and 10 years military experience) Working knowledge of DoD HQ organization and processes 1 of the three following course (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course, Defense Staff Officer Course 10+ years overall experience Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Master of Arts / Master of Science degree or Bachelor of Arts / Bachelors of Science degree and 10+ years of experience is required. Physical Job Requirements : Candidate must be available to travel to attend up to 3 one-time DoD training courses. Desired Skills : 7+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction 5+ years of space operations/Intelligence experience Experience as an SR user Experienced OPSEC analyst/practitioner SR courses (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course, Defense Staff Officer Course (or commensurate practical experience) Command and General Staff College or equivalent EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Sep 11, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Signature Reduction Technician SME to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The Signature Reduction (SR) Subject Matter Expert (SME) shall support all aspects of SR activities involving the planning and execution of sensitive SMDC/ARSTRAT activities and operations. Duties Include: Develop plans, annexes, and other correspondence for staffing/approval Identify SR requirements and allocate resources Coordinate daily with supported DoD and non-DoD agencies to develop and implement effective mechanisms and strategies to reduce the risk of compromise to sensitive programs and operations Support and manage the implementation of SR plans in accordance with SMDC/ARSTRAT directives and policies Advise senior leadership on issues affecting SR programs by presenting mission briefs, and formal staffing memorandums Maintain all required records / documentation, respond to requests for input, and prepare research papers Develop and maintain extensive liaison contacts within national intelligence agency and DoD channels for formal and informal coordination to effectively leverage and expedite support to the development, staffing, activation, execution, and termination of plans as well as other required actions and communications Understand requirements for SR support to space operations to create, sustain, and implement plans for space operations Oversee and manage SR plans, amendments, annexes and associated documentation in direct support to space and SR programs Secure senior leadership approval for new SR plans to provide security for highly sensitive worldwide operations Review annexes to plans as mission requirements evolve Allocate SR resources, oversee tracking and management of SR mechanisms, requests for sponsorship, and systems support Coordinate and review up to four plans or due diligence assessments as recommended by mission parameters within each contract year in support of SMDC/ARSTRAT's efforts Advise senior leadership on issues affecting SR programs by presenting mission briefs, and formal staffing memorandums Effectively communicate with senior level military and civilian personnel to respond to, draft, and advise on all aspects of Serious Incident Reporting Maintain all required SR records / documentation, respond to requests for input, and prepare research papers Conduct Army equity reviews and exercise authority to develop and recommend changes to operational procedures, policies, and priorities, which may result in approval or disapproval of SR plans Exercise a thorough understanding of Intelligence oversight policies and procedures Conduct compliance assessments to include periodic inspections, audits, and inventories to review existing and proposed covers for compliance with governing Army and DoD requirements, recommending modifications and adjustments as required Draft and maintain policies and procedures for SMDC/ARSTRAT, and support the review of plans and/or Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) or other regulatory documents to ensure compliance with established policy and national guidance Maintain situational awareness of emerging threats/limitations by utilizing national intelligence databases, reporting systems and a network of liaison contacts In coordination with G33, implement operations security (OPSEC) in support of SMDC/ARSTRAT sensitive activities and operations Direct quality control, due diligence countermeasure implementation, and user preparation to ensure mission success Plan work flow, make and adjust work assignments, and provide technical guidance to subordinates on the most complex issues Review completed work for adequacy in meeting program requirements Develop performance plans and evaluate employee performance Recommend subordinates for awards and training Provide input to supervisors on SR budgeting requirements based on anticipated workload and production capability Provide the primary input for promotions and award recommendations Keep subordinate personnel informed about the policies, procedures, and goals that affect them Manage personnel to meet all requirements, through defining standards, revising work schedules, developing internal procedures, and cross-training personnel Required Skills/Experience: Deep experience and understanding of a broad array of operational space systems, preferably with operations and DoD HQ-level experience 5+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction (or 3 years counterintelligence (CI)/Special Operations experience and 10 years military experience) Working knowledge of DoD HQ organization and processes 1 of the three following course (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course, Defense Staff Officer Course 10+ years overall experience Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Master of Arts / Master of Science degree or Bachelor of Arts / Bachelors of Science degree and 10+ years of experience is required. Physical Job Requirements : Candidate must be available to travel to attend up to 3 one-time DoD training courses. Desired Skills : 7+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction 5+ years of space operations/Intelligence experience Experience as an SR user Experienced OPSEC analyst/practitioner SR courses (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course, Defense Staff Officer Course (or commensurate practical experience) Command and General Staff College or equivalent EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Signature Reduction Technician (#1190275)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Signature Reduction Technician to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The employee shall serve as a Signature Reduction (SR) specialist in support of sensitive SMDC/ARSTRAT activities and operations. The candidate will coordinate with supported DoD and Non-DoD agencies to formulate and implement effective strategies and mechanisms to reduce the risk of compromise to sensitive programs and operations. Duties include: Provide SR operational support and serve as the organization's subject matter expert for SR matters to include: planning, coordination, training, implementation, and management Provide policy recommendations to the commander Prepare and submit reports regarding SR operational activities Apply risk management practices and principles to create and execute an SR program to augment and enhance the Command's operations security program Work closely with the SMDC/ARSTRAT's Security (G-2) and Operations (G-3) sections during the \"Planning and Directing\" and \"Evaluation\" phases of the intelligence cycle Required Skills/Experience: Experience and understanding of a broad array of operational space systems, preferably with operations and DoD HQ-level experience Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience or AA/AS and 10+ years of overall experience is required. Desired Skills : 3+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction 2+ years space operations/Intelligence experience OPSEC analyst/practitioner SR courses (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course Master's degree EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Sep 11, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Signature Reduction Technician to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The employee shall serve as a Signature Reduction (SR) specialist in support of sensitive SMDC/ARSTRAT activities and operations. The candidate will coordinate with supported DoD and Non-DoD agencies to formulate and implement effective strategies and mechanisms to reduce the risk of compromise to sensitive programs and operations. Duties include: Provide SR operational support and serve as the organization's subject matter expert for SR matters to include: planning, coordination, training, implementation, and management Provide policy recommendations to the commander Prepare and submit reports regarding SR operational activities Apply risk management practices and principles to create and execute an SR program to augment and enhance the Command's operations security program Work closely with the SMDC/ARSTRAT's Security (G-2) and Operations (G-3) sections during the \"Planning and Directing\" and \"Evaluation\" phases of the intelligence cycle Required Skills/Experience: Experience and understanding of a broad array of operational space systems, preferably with operations and DoD HQ-level experience Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's degree and 5 years of experience or AA/AS and 10+ years of overall experience is required. Desired Skills : 3+ years of experience working in DoD Signature Reduction 2+ years space operations/Intelligence experience OPSEC analyst/practitioner SR courses (or legacy equivalent): Advanced Technician Course, Advanced Planners Course, Due Diligence Course Master's degree EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website.Project ManagerEmerge Colorado Denver, Colorado, USAEmerge Colorado is seeking a full-time Project Manager to oversee and facilitate our training programs, alumnae activities, and communications programs. The ideal candidate will have a proven ability to oversee and manage complex projects simultaneously, a positive track record seeking out and building collaborative relationships with diverse stakeholders, will be committed to getting results in a fast-paced environment, and is able to handle a heavy workload without dropping the ball. This position is an opportunity to engage with elected officials, non-profit leaders, and candidates across the state to build the movement towards equitable gender representation in government. About Emerge Colorado Emerge Colorado is the state’s premier training program for Democratic women interested in elected office. We recruit and train women to run – and win. We work closely with policymakers, nonprofits, business leaders, and candidates to ensure women from all backgrounds have a seat at the table in Colorado’s political system and government, and we have a reputation for being one of the leading political organizations in the state. We have 350 alumnae with an 88% win-rate since 2013 and currently have 49 alumnae serving in elected offices across Colorado. Of our alumnae, 45% are women of color, 30% are LGBTQ, and 25% are union members. Emerge Colorado’s signature program is a six-month training fellowship that provides over 80 hours of training for future candidates. We also administer one-day and three-day boot camps over the course of the year, and coach each of our current candidates to ensure their success. What You’ll Do: The Project Manager, who is based in Denver (with some flexibility) and reports to the Executive Director, will be the second full-time staffer for the organization. They will be responsible for coordinating our training programs, managing our alumnae committee, will oversee our digital and email communications programs, and plan fundraising events. Coordinate Training Programs: Support the Executive Director and Board in recruiting and reviewing applicants for all training programs; Coordinate all logistics for the trainings including working with class members and trainers Work with the class members to ensure cohesion including planning social events and coordinating communications; Design and review feedback for trainings; Attend most trainings, which happen over weekends from January through July; Manage Alumnae Activities: Serve as staff liaison to the Alumnae Committee – convene and attend regular meetings, coordinate officers, and collaboratively design annual work plans; Manage the alumnae mentorship program, monthly giving program, and regional recruitment events; Design and conduct outreach for alumnae secondary education trainings; Develop strong working relationships with our alumnae across the state; Manage and update the alumnae databases Communications: Design and disseminate cutting-edge content via our digital channels including social and email; Work with the Executive Director to manage the website and keep it up-to-date; Coordinate with the Executive Director on press outreach and earned media; Design and manage list-growth initiatives Fundraising: Run the low-dollar and monthly-donor fundraising programs, including writing emails, phonebanking, and developing overall strategy; Oversee logistics of large fundraising events including assisting with call time, logistics, data management, and donor outreach; Regularly update and manage compliance reporting database; Assist the executive director in preparing for donor meetings including donor research and prospecting; Qualifications We’re seeking candidates who excel in relationships development , are results-oriented, and have strong project management skills. Fundamentally, we want someone who can manage multiple simultaneous projects, is self-driven and extremely accountable to deadlines and the work, incredibly organized, and committed to supporting women getting elected to office. You should have/be: An independent worker: this position requires you to be self-directed and proactive about owning and following through with responsibilities and be able to thrive without constant management A track record of developing and maintaining strong working relationships with and among a diverse group of stakeholders; A demonstrated commitment to meeting a high bar and a history of getting things done even in the face of obstacles; Strong experience in managing multiple projects simultaneously; Experience organizing events for 25-200 people; Managing groups of volunteers over long and short-term projects; A strong written and verbal communicator: this includes public speaking, writing compelling fundraising and organizing emails and social media, and a background in social media or digital organizing; A commitment to gender equity, social justice, and democratic ideals Prior experience in a legislative environment or candidate campaigns and in fundraising are plusses but are not requirements. This position requires working frequent weekend hours approximately one weekend per month January through July. Benefits and Compensation We expect our new hire to start in late November or early December 2019. This is a full-time exempt position at roughly 40 hours per week. The salary range is from $40,000 – $45,000 annually. Benefits include: generous paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays; 100% employer paid health insurance, a matching Simple IRA, cell-phone reimbursement, and work-from-home opportunities. This job does require semi-regular weekend work. We are committed to building a more diverse and inclusive organization and political system. Recruiting staff that better reflects Colorado is a priority and we encourage applicants from all cultures, races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, and all other identities represented in Colorado or protected by law. Women of color and LGBTQ people are highly encouraged to apply. How to apply Applications are due by 5pm on October 11, 2019. Please send a cover letter explaining your interest in the position and relevant experience as well as your resume to contact@emergeco.org with the headline “Project Manager” in the subject line of the email. Please do not call.Sep 04, 2019Full timeEmerge Colorado is seeking a full-time Project Manager to oversee and facilitate our training programs, alumnae activities, and communications programs. The ideal candidate will have a proven ability to oversee and manage complex projects simultaneously, a positive track record seeking out and building collaborative relationships with diverse stakeholders, will be committed to getting results in a fast-paced environment, and is able to handle a heavy workload without dropping the ball. This position is an opportunity to engage with elected officials, non-profit leaders, and candidates across the state to build the movement towards equitable gender representation in government. About Emerge Colorado Emerge Colorado is the state’s premier training program for Democratic women interested in elected office. We recruit and train women to run – and win. We work closely with policymakers, nonprofits, business leaders, and candidates to ensure women from all backgrounds have a seat at the table in Colorado’s political system and government, and we have a reputation for being one of the leading political organizations in the state. We have 350 alumnae with an 88% win-rate since 2013 and currently have 49 alumnae serving in elected offices across Colorado. Of our alumnae, 45% are women of color, 30% are LGBTQ, and 25% are union members. Emerge Colorado’s signature program is a six-month training fellowship that provides over 80 hours of training for future candidates. We also administer one-day and three-day boot camps over the course of the year, and coach each of our current candidates to ensure their success. What You’ll Do: The Project Manager, who is based in Denver (with some flexibility) and reports to the Executive Director, will be the second full-time staffer for the organization. They will be responsible for coordinating our training programs, managing our alumnae committee, will oversee our digital and email communications programs, and plan fundraising events. Coordinate Training Programs: Support the Executive Director and Board in recruiting and reviewing applicants for all training programs; Coordinate all logistics for the trainings including working with class members and trainers Work with the class members to ensure cohesion including planning social events and coordinating communications; Design and review feedback for trainings; Attend most trainings, which happen over weekends from January through July; Manage Alumnae Activities: Serve as staff liaison to the Alumnae Committee – convene and attend regular meetings, coordinate officers, and collaboratively design annual work plans; Manage the alumnae mentorship program, monthly giving program, and regional recruitment events; Design and conduct outreach for alumnae secondary education trainings; Develop strong working relationships with our alumnae across the state; Manage and update the alumnae databases Communications: Design and disseminate cutting-edge content via our digital channels including social and email; Work with the Executive Director to manage the website and keep it up-to-date; Coordinate with the Executive Director on press outreach and earned media; Design and manage list-growth initiatives Fundraising: Run the low-dollar and monthly-donor fundraising programs, including writing emails, phonebanking, and developing overall strategy; Oversee logistics of large fundraising events including assisting with call time, logistics, data management, and donor outreach; Regularly update and manage compliance reporting database; Assist the executive director in preparing for donor meetings including donor research and prospecting; Qualifications We’re seeking candidates who excel in relationships development , are results-oriented, and have strong project management skills. Fundamentally, we want someone who can manage multiple simultaneous projects, is self-driven and extremely accountable to deadlines and the work, incredibly organized, and committed to supporting women getting elected to office. You should have/be: An independent worker: this position requires you to be self-directed and proactive about owning and following through with responsibilities and be able to thrive without constant management A track record of developing and maintaining strong working relationships with and among a diverse group of stakeholders; A demonstrated commitment to meeting a high bar and a history of getting things done even in the face of obstacles; Strong experience in managing multiple projects simultaneously; Experience organizing events for 25-200 people; Managing groups of volunteers over long and short-term projects; A strong written and verbal communicator: this includes public speaking, writing compelling fundraising and organizing emails and social media, and a background in social media or digital organizing; A commitment to gender equity, social justice, and democratic ideals Prior experience in a legislative environment or candidate campaigns and in fundraising are plusses but are not requirements. This position requires working frequent weekend hours approximately one weekend per month January through July. Benefits and Compensation We expect our new hire to start in late November or early December 2019. This is a full-time exempt position at roughly 40 hours per week. The salary range is from $40,000 – $45,000 annually. Benefits include: generous paid vacation, sick leave, and holidays; 100% employer paid health insurance, a matching Simple IRA, cell-phone reimbursement, and work-from-home opportunities. This job does require semi-regular weekend work. We are committed to building a more diverse and inclusive organization and political system. Recruiting staff that better reflects Colorado is a priority and we encourage applicants from all cultures, races, ethnicities, genders, sexual orientations, and all other identities represented in Colorado or protected by law. Women of color and LGBTQ people are highly encouraged to apply. How to apply Applications are due by 5pm on October 11, 2019. Please send a cover letter explaining your interest in the position and relevant experience as well as your resume to contact@emergeco.org with the headline “Project Manager” in the subject line of the email. Please do not call.Administrative Assistant (#1169731)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to support our Shreiver AFB, CO location. PeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to provide Administrative Support to the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense (JFCC IMD) for missile defense operations and planning in support of United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM). The effort includes: Administrative support to the JFCC IMD Commander, Deputy Commander, and assist J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors Support the J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, and travel planning Provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of JFCC IMD video and telephone conferencing scheduling and systems Act as JFCC IMD s alternate TMT coordinator Assign key tasking to the appropriate Action Officer Required Skills/Experience: Experience supporting senior personnel with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, protocol, document control, and records administration Experience utilizing video and telephone conferencing systems Mastery of the Microsoft Office Suite Excellent verbal and written communications skills Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A completed Associate's degree or 3+ years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with, staff action preparation and coordination, and use Experience with the Defense Travel System of task monitoring tool (TMT) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169731-145621Aug 20, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to support our Shreiver AFB, CO location. PeopleTec is currently seeking an Administrative Assistant to provide Administrative Support to the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense (JFCC IMD) for missile defense operations and planning in support of United States Strategic Command (USSTRATCOM). The effort includes: Administrative support to the JFCC IMD Commander, Deputy Commander, and assist J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors Support the J-Code and Deputy J-Code Directors with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, and travel planning Provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of JFCC IMD video and telephone conferencing scheduling and systems Act as JFCC IMD s alternate TMT coordinator Assign key tasking to the appropriate Action Officer Required Skills/Experience: Experience supporting senior personnel with scheduling, meeting coordination, calendar upkeep, protocol, document control, and records administration Experience utilizing video and telephone conferencing systems Mastery of the Microsoft Office Suite Excellent verbal and written communications skills Travel: None Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A completed Associate's degree or 3+ years of relevant experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience with, staff action preparation and coordination, and use Experience with the Defense Travel System of task monitoring tool (TMT) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169731-145621Senior Level Electrical Systems Engineer (#1169713)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Level Electrical Systems Engineer to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The candidate will perform technical Terminal and Modem Performance Certification / Wideband Engineering & Integration (E&I) support and services for the Wideband Consolidated - SATCOM System Expert (C-SSE), Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS), Global Broadcast System (GBS) and Defense Satellite Communications Systems (DSCS) SSEs. The contractor shall use engineering-based concepts, engineering-based tools, knowledge of Military Standard (MIL-STD) 188-164B, MIL-STD 188-165A, Standardization Agreement (NATO) (STANAG) 4486, and European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) Standard EN302 307, and USASMDC/ARSTRAT terminal performance certification and modem performance certification documents to perform the following IAW established processes: Evaluate terminal performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each terminal performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Evaluate modem performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each modem performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Provide guidance and recommendations to vendors, Government PMs or the Wideband C-SSE to modify a system design or configuration when necessary to bring a terminal or modem into compliance with applicable performance certification requirements and standards Evaluate new SATCOM technologies and recommend changes to current performance certification requirements and standards Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test procedures and provide input to change or modify processes and procedures Provide support for test and evaluation during WGS and DSCS on-orbit testing, operational evaluations, and anomaly resolution Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test reports and generate engineering-based assessments of the results Provide engineering-based support for system modifications, changes, and updates to the Wideband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) Operational Management System (WSOMS) Maintain and update off-line and on-line modem and terminal static databases within WSOMS Support Wideband SATCOM mission planning using WSOMS Interpret terminal and modem performance, characteristics, and functionality to build planning models within WSOMS Use knowledge and understanding of satellite and terminal radio frequency characteristics Use knowledge and understanding of modem and terminal performance Conduct detailed analysis and long term trending of satellite, modem and terminal resources Required Skills/Experience: 12 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree with 12 years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169713-145621Aug 20, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Level Electrical Systems Engineer to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The candidate will perform technical Terminal and Modem Performance Certification / Wideband Engineering & Integration (E&I) support and services for the Wideband Consolidated - SATCOM System Expert (C-SSE), Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS), Global Broadcast System (GBS) and Defense Satellite Communications Systems (DSCS) SSEs. The contractor shall use engineering-based concepts, engineering-based tools, knowledge of Military Standard (MIL-STD) 188-164B, MIL-STD 188-165A, Standardization Agreement (NATO) (STANAG) 4486, and European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) Standard EN302 307, and USASMDC/ARSTRAT terminal performance certification and modem performance certification documents to perform the following IAW established processes: Evaluate terminal performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each terminal performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Evaluate modem performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each modem performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Provide guidance and recommendations to vendors, Government PMs or the Wideband C-SSE to modify a system design or configuration when necessary to bring a terminal or modem into compliance with applicable performance certification requirements and standards Evaluate new SATCOM technologies and recommend changes to current performance certification requirements and standards Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test procedures and provide input to change or modify processes and procedures Provide support for test and evaluation during WGS and DSCS on-orbit testing, operational evaluations, and anomaly resolution Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test reports and generate engineering-based assessments of the results Provide engineering-based support for system modifications, changes, and updates to the Wideband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) Operational Management System (WSOMS) Maintain and update off-line and on-line modem and terminal static databases within WSOMS Support Wideband SATCOM mission planning using WSOMS Interpret terminal and modem performance, characteristics, and functionality to build planning models within WSOMS Use knowledge and understanding of satellite and terminal radio frequency characteristics Use knowledge and understanding of modem and terminal performance Conduct detailed analysis and long term trending of satellite, modem and terminal resources Required Skills/Experience: 12 years of Department of Defense (DoD) SATCOM experience Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree with 12 years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169713-145621SATCOM Systems Engineer (#1169698)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a SATCOM Systems Engineer to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will perform technical Terminal and Modem Performance Certification support and services for the Wideband C-SSE, WGS, GBS and DSCS SSEs and u se engineering-based concepts, engineering-based tools, knowledge of Military Standard (MIL-STD) 188-164B, MIL-STD 188-165A, Standardization Agreement (NATO) (STANAG) 4486, and European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) Standard EN302 307, and USASMDC/ARSTRAT terminal performance certification and modem performance certification documents to perform the following IAW established processes: Evaluate terminal performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each terminal performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Evaluate modem performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each modem performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Provide guidance and recommendations to vendors, Government PMs or the Wideband C-SSE to modify a system design or configuration when necessary to bring a terminal or modem into compliance with applicable performance certification requirements and standards Evaluate new SATCOM technologies and recommend changes to current performance certification requirements and standards Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test procedures and provide input to change or modify processes and procedures Provide support for test and evaluation during WGS and DSCS on-orbit testing, operational evaluations, and anomaly resolution Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test reports and generate engineering-based assessments of the results Provide engineering-based support for system modifications, changes, and updates to the Wideband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) Operational Management System (WSOMS) Maintain and update off-line and on-line modem and terminal static databases within WSOMS Support Wideband SATCOM mission planning using WSOMS Interpret terminal and modem performance, characteristics, and functionality to build planning models within WSOMS Use knowledge and understanding of satellite and terminal radio frequency characteristics Required Skills/Experience: 5 years of DoD SATCOM experience Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree with 5 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Knowledge of Wideband Global SATCOM Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169698-145621Aug 20, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a SATCOM Systems Engineer to support our Peterson AFB, CO location. The candidate will perform technical Terminal and Modem Performance Certification support and services for the Wideband C-SSE, WGS, GBS and DSCS SSEs and u se engineering-based concepts, engineering-based tools, knowledge of Military Standard (MIL-STD) 188-164B, MIL-STD 188-165A, Standardization Agreement (NATO) (STANAG) 4486, and European Telecommunications Standards Institute (ETSI) Standard EN302 307, and USASMDC/ARSTRAT terminal performance certification and modem performance certification documents to perform the following IAW established processes: Evaluate terminal performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each terminal performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Evaluate modem performance certification reports through all phases of the performance certification process Generate an engineering-based assessment for each modem performance certification report and determine compliance or non-compliance with the above performance criteria Provide guidance and recommendations to vendors, Government PMs or the Wideband C-SSE to modify a system design or configuration when necessary to bring a terminal or modem into compliance with applicable performance certification requirements and standards Evaluate new SATCOM technologies and recommend changes to current performance certification requirements and standards Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test procedures and provide input to change or modify processes and procedures Provide support for test and evaluation during WGS and DSCS on-orbit testing, operational evaluations, and anomaly resolution Review WGS and DSCS satellite performance certification test reports and generate engineering-based assessments of the results Provide engineering-based support for system modifications, changes, and updates to the Wideband Satellite Communications (SATCOM) Operational Management System (WSOMS) Maintain and update off-line and on-line modem and terminal static databases within WSOMS Support Wideband SATCOM mission planning using WSOMS Interpret terminal and modem performance, characteristics, and functionality to build planning models within WSOMS Use knowledge and understanding of satellite and terminal radio frequency characteristics Required Skills/Experience: 5 years of DoD SATCOM experience Travel: 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret clearance with SCI eligibility upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's degree with 5 years of DoD SATCOM experience is required. Desired Skills : Knowledge of Wideband Global SATCOM Significant military familiarity and training in SATCOM Ability to demonstrate proficiency in SATCOM principles, technical analysis, and problem solving EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1169698-145621Protocol Analyst (#1151751)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is seeking a Protocol Analyst to support our Colorado Springs, CO operations. Candidate will provide administrative and protocol and event management support to Command group, Management Board, and Program Directors including, military protocol and meeting support for award ceremonies, retirements, internal agency events and meetings; Administrative functions include receiving calls and visitors courteously, prepare sign-in sheets and maintain related records. Candidate may also determine methods and procedures on new assignments and provide guidance to other personnel. The Protocol & Event Management Analyst will assist in protocol and event management activities to include site selection, event set-up and design and on-site administration and logistics for meetings, conferences and events. Candidate will also assist in scheduling, coordination and logistics for distinguished visitor support in cooperation with Department of State offices, Embassies, and Ministries of Defense offices and will assist with customs and cultural etiquette and manage Agency flag etiquette. The Protocol & Event Management Analyst will coordinate with local security activities to arrange base access and restricted area badges for visitors; oversee registration for multiple conferences with large numbers of attendees; operate audio and video systems in several conference rooms, providing Video Teleconferencing; and may be required to drive distinguished visitors in and out of restricted areas and the local community. This position will sometimes require weekend and/or nighttime work. Required Skills/Experience: Protocol and/or Event Management experience and Military Experience/Knowledge of Military Protocol Candidate must be capable of working independently with minimal direction. Candidate must possess strong verbal, communication and writing skills; must be able to lift up to 50lbs and have the ability to multi-task and complete assignments on schedule. Must have experience working in a team environment. Candidate must exhibit strong management skills in organizing, negotiating and executing multiple events for senior officials. Competency in Microsoft Office including PowerPoint, Word and Excel is required. Must have a current driver's license. Must be a U.S. Citizen A U.S. DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Educational Requirements: A completed Bachelor's Degree is required with 6+ years of directly traceable experience. Directly related experience (or certifications) may be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills/Experience: Strong leadership skills and experience desired. Certifications or documented training in Protocol and Event Management strongly preferred. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1151751-145621Aug 01, 2019Full timePeopleTec is seeking a Protocol Analyst to support our Colorado Springs, CO operations. Candidate will provide administrative and protocol and event management support to Command group, Management Board, and Program Directors including, military protocol and meeting support for award ceremonies, retirements, internal agency events and meetings; Administrative functions include receiving calls and visitors courteously, prepare sign-in sheets and maintain related records. Candidate may also determine methods and procedures on new assignments and provide guidance to other personnel. The Protocol & Event Management Analyst will assist in protocol and event management activities to include site selection, event set-up and design and on-site administration and logistics for meetings, conferences and events. Candidate will also assist in scheduling, coordination and logistics for distinguished visitor support in cooperation with Department of State offices, Embassies, and Ministries of Defense offices and will assist with customs and cultural etiquette and manage Agency flag etiquette. The Protocol & Event Management Analyst will coordinate with local security activities to arrange base access and restricted area badges for visitors; oversee registration for multiple conferences with large numbers of attendees; operate audio and video systems in several conference rooms, providing Video Teleconferencing; and may be required to drive distinguished visitors in and out of restricted areas and the local community. This position will sometimes require weekend and/or nighttime work. Required Skills/Experience: Protocol and/or Event Management experience and Military Experience/Knowledge of Military Protocol Candidate must be capable of working independently with minimal direction. Candidate must possess strong verbal, communication and writing skills; must be able to lift up to 50lbs and have the ability to multi-task and complete assignments on schedule. Must have experience working in a team environment. Candidate must exhibit strong management skills in organizing, negotiating and executing multiple events for senior officials. Competency in Microsoft Office including PowerPoint, Word and Excel is required. Must have a current driver's license. Must be a U.S. Citizen A U.S. DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Educational Requirements: A completed Bachelor's Degree is required with 6+ years of directly traceable experience. Directly related experience (or certifications) may be substituted in lieu of a degree. Desired Skills/Experience: Strong leadership skills and experience desired. Certifications or documented training in Protocol and Event Management strongly preferred. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1151751-145621Senior Business Development Specialist (#1100607)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Business Development Specialist to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. Our fast-paced Business Development Team is looking for a Senior Business Development Specialist who will be responsible for developing and executing strategies to capture opportunities for PeopleTec in the Defense market. This involves significant customer and stakeholder interface to identify and create areas of opportunities and develop PeopleTec's positions. Key customers/stakeholders include the US Air Force, US Army Space and Missile Defense Command (SMDC), the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and prime contractors. As opportunities materialize, the Senior Specialist is responsible for establishing win strategies, technical solutions, and team strategies to capture opportunities. The Senior Business Development Specialist - Defense Programs is a recognized leader in the company and has overall responsibilities for planning, directing, and coordinating business development activities for the Colorado Springs Market. Typical Responsibilities Include : Develops and executes pursuit and capture strategies and plans to win new or follow-on business, including, but not limited to: Identifying, assessing and shaping business opportunities, Creating and managing contact plans, and messaging to customers and stakeholders. Conducting competitive analysis. Identifying and managing discretionary resources. Developing Price-To-Win (Pwin). Identifying potential industry teammates. Organizing and managing the PeopleTec capture team. Maintains continuous and expansive contact with assigned customers. Provides Strategic Plan inputs for assigned Defense market segments and customers. Participates in technical meetings for internal and external representatives concerning organizational projects. Represents the organization in meetings, conferences and workshops, as assigned. Fosters ethical conduct, practices, and personal integrity throughout PeopleTec to ensure the company's ability to attract and retain customers in a highly competitive environment. Essential Job Functions (Including % of Time for Each): 35% - Meet and interface with DOD and prime contractor representatives 30% - Oversee development and implementation of business strategies for new programs, products and technologies 15% - Oversee internally funded discretionary programs, particularly IRAD 10% - Support development of PeopleTec Strategic Plans and other internal executive level plans 10% - Interface with PeopleTec senior-level management as required Required Skills/Experience: Extensive experience with Defense programs. Ability to direct and control overall organizational resources, considerable initiative, organizational skills, and the ability to drive convergence and resolution to challenges. Possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Travel : 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen A DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Education Requirements : A completed Bachelor's Degree in a technical or business related field and 10 years of relevant experience in Business Development in the Defense market, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. (Master's Degree Preferred) Desired Skills: Previous experience working with space and missile defense programs. Existing network of customer relationships at the US Air Force, US Army, DARPA and/or MDA. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1100607-145621Jun 06, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Business Development Specialist to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. Our fast-paced Business Development Team is looking for a Senior Business Development Specialist who will be responsible for developing and executing strategies to capture opportunities for PeopleTec in the Defense market. This involves significant customer and stakeholder interface to identify and create areas of opportunities and develop PeopleTec's positions. Key customers/stakeholders include the US Air Force, US Army Space and Missile Defense Command (SMDC), the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) and prime contractors. As opportunities materialize, the Senior Specialist is responsible for establishing win strategies, technical solutions, and team strategies to capture opportunities. The Senior Business Development Specialist - Defense Programs is a recognized leader in the company and has overall responsibilities for planning, directing, and coordinating business development activities for the Colorado Springs Market. Typical Responsibilities Include : Develops and executes pursuit and capture strategies and plans to win new or follow-on business, including, but not limited to: Identifying, assessing and shaping business opportunities, Creating and managing contact plans, and messaging to customers and stakeholders. Conducting competitive analysis. Identifying and managing discretionary resources. Developing Price-To-Win (Pwin). Identifying potential industry teammates. Organizing and managing the PeopleTec capture team. Maintains continuous and expansive contact with assigned customers. Provides Strategic Plan inputs for assigned Defense market segments and customers. Participates in technical meetings for internal and external representatives concerning organizational projects. Represents the organization in meetings, conferences and workshops, as assigned. Fosters ethical conduct, practices, and personal integrity throughout PeopleTec to ensure the company's ability to attract and retain customers in a highly competitive environment. Essential Job Functions (Including % of Time for Each): 35% - Meet and interface with DOD and prime contractor representatives 30% - Oversee development and implementation of business strategies for new programs, products and technologies 15% - Oversee internally funded discretionary programs, particularly IRAD 10% - Support development of PeopleTec Strategic Plans and other internal executive level plans 10% - Interface with PeopleTec senior-level management as required Required Skills/Experience: Extensive experience with Defense programs. Ability to direct and control overall organizational resources, considerable initiative, organizational skills, and the ability to drive convergence and resolution to challenges. Possess strong written and verbal communication skills. Travel : 25% Must be a U.S. Citizen A DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have a Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this clearance level during their employment. Education Requirements : A completed Bachelor's Degree in a technical or business related field and 10 years of relevant experience in Business Development in the Defense market, or an equivalent combination of education and experience. (Master's Degree Preferred) Desired Skills: Previous experience working with space and missile defense programs. Existing network of customer relationships at the US Air Force, US Army, DARPA and/or MDA. EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1100607-145621Police Officer RecruitColorado Springs Police Department Colorado Springs, CO, USADescription To be considered for this position you must apply through this address: https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/springsgovps This job posting is scheduled to be open through May 13, 2019; however, we reserve the right to close this posting prior to the closing date listed above should sufficient applications be received prior to the closing date. Please apply early to ensure your application is accepted. Upon successful completion of the Police Academy and obtaining the required POST certification, you will be promoted to the rank of Police Officer. A police officer patrols assigned sectors and responds to calls from the communications center in order to keep the peace, provide assistance, and maintain positive visibility. Enforces federal, state and local laws and ordinances. Deters criminal activity and make arrests when necessary. Educates and communicates laws to public concerning traffic and criminal activity. Investigates and reports all criminal or suspicious activity through Department forms and documents. Renders aid to injured. Job Summary Patrols assigned sector in marked police vehicle. Responds to calls from citizens. Provides assistance and keeps the peace. Locates and arrests suspects of crimes. Issues traffic and criminal summons when necessary. Intervenes in disturbances, fights, and altercations. Pursues fleeing suspects on foot or in vehicle. Climbs, crawls, jumps, and/or runs to pursue suspects and protect life. Pushes/pulls, lifts and/or carries persons and/or suspects who may be injured or unconscious. Makes forceful arrests. Minimum Qualifications This position is for applicants that have no prior law enforcement experience, or less than three years of paid experience as a law enforcement officer. The minimum qualifications for Police Recruit are: You must be by the date of hire at least 21 years of age. You must not have been convicted of a felony (this includes felony convictions as a juvenile). You must not have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence. You must not have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime that would affect your ability to certify with the Colorado Police Officer Standards and Training (POST) Board. Visit the POST website at https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/post/decertifying-misdemeanors for a list of misdemeanors that will preclude police officer certification. You must have by the date of hire an Associate Degree or 60 college semester hours. A national or regional accrediting organization recognized by the United States Department of Education must accredit the school or institution granting the degree or credits. Candidates that do not meet educational minimums upon application must submit a statement from their school confirming that they are currently enrolled in a course of study that will allow the candidate to meet the minimum qualifications upon date of hire. If you have not completed 60 college semester hours please click http://bit.ly/alteducationprogram for information on our alternative education option. If hired, you will be required to furnish proof of your eligibility to work in the U.S. You must not have been released or discharged from the Armed Forces of the United States under dishonorable conditions. You must be in good physical condition and meet medical standards as established by the City of Colorado Springs Police Department. You must have and maintain a valid driver's license By date of hire, candidates that have been selected for employment must possess and maintain a valid Colorado driver's license. In addition, failure to successfully meet all Testing and Performance Standards of the CSPD Police Academy shall constitute a failure to meet the minimum qualification of the position of police recruit. This includes but is not limited to maintaining the required academic average on exams, passing the required number of academic and skills tests. Supplemental Information In order to be successful as a police recruit with the Colorado Springs Police Department, candidates should be able to: Work under pressure and/or stress Follow directions Organize and plan React effectively during non-routine situations Adapt to changing environments Effectively identify and resolve conflicts Establish and maintain cooperative and constructive relationships Identify with the customer and actively engage in customer service Communicate in writing and orally Remember instructions details Use impartiality and objectivity Use diplomacy and tactfulnessApr 16, 2019Full timeDescription To be considered for this position you must apply through this address: https://www.governmentjobs.com/careers/springsgovps This job posting is scheduled to be open through May 13, 2019; however, we reserve the right to close this posting prior to the closing date listed above should sufficient applications be received prior to the closing date. Please apply early to ensure your application is accepted. Upon successful completion of the Police Academy and obtaining the required POST certification, you will be promoted to the rank of Police Officer. A police officer patrols assigned sectors and responds to calls from the communications center in order to keep the peace, provide assistance, and maintain positive visibility. Enforces federal, state and local laws and ordinances. Deters criminal activity and make arrests when necessary. Educates and communicates laws to public concerning traffic and criminal activity. Investigates and reports all criminal or suspicious activity through Department forms and documents. Renders aid to injured. Job Summary Patrols assigned sector in marked police vehicle. Responds to calls from citizens. Provides assistance and keeps the peace. Locates and arrests suspects of crimes. Issues traffic and criminal summons when necessary. Intervenes in disturbances, fights, and altercations. Pursues fleeing suspects on foot or in vehicle. Climbs, crawls, jumps, and/or runs to pursue suspects and protect life. Pushes/pulls, lifts and/or carries persons and/or suspects who may be injured or unconscious. Makes forceful arrests. Minimum Qualifications This position is for applicants that have no prior law enforcement experience, or less than three years of paid experience as a law enforcement officer. The minimum qualifications for Police Recruit are: You must be by the date of hire at least 21 years of age. You must not have been convicted of a felony (this includes felony convictions as a juvenile). You must not have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence. You must not have been convicted of a misdemeanor crime that would affect your ability to certify with the Colorado Police Officer Standards and Training (POST) Board. Visit the POST website at https://www.colorado.gov/pacific/post/decertifying-misdemeanors for a list of misdemeanors that will preclude police officer certification. You must have by the date of hire an Associate Degree or 60 college semester hours. A national or regional accrediting organization recognized by the United States Department of Education must accredit the school or institution granting the degree or credits. Candidates that do not meet educational minimums upon application must submit a statement from their school confirming that they are currently enrolled in a course of study that will allow the candidate to meet the minimum qualifications upon date of hire. If you have not completed 60 college semester hours please click http://bit.ly/alteducationprogram for information on our alternative education option. If hired, you will be required to furnish proof of your eligibility to work in the U.S. You must not have been released or discharged from the Armed Forces of the United States under dishonorable conditions. You must be in good physical condition and meet medical standards as established by the City of Colorado Springs Police Department. You must have and maintain a valid driver's license By date of hire, candidates that have been selected for employment must possess and maintain a valid Colorado driver's license. In addition, failure to successfully meet all Testing and Performance Standards of the CSPD Police Academy shall constitute a failure to meet the minimum qualification of the position of police recruit. This includes but is not limited to maintaining the required academic average on exams, passing the required number of academic and skills tests. Supplemental Information In order to be successful as a police recruit with the Colorado Springs Police Department, candidates should be able to: Work under pressure and/or stress Follow directions Organize and plan React effectively during non-routine situations Adapt to changing environments Effectively identify and resolve conflicts Establish and maintain cooperative and constructive relationships Identify with the customer and actively engage in customer service Communicate in writing and orally Remember instructions details Use impartiality and objectivity Use diplomacy and tactfulnessWater Truck Driver - Class B CDLScott Contracting Inc Denver, CO 80216, USAScott Contracting is looking for Water Truck drivers!!! This position included driving and operating a water truck as well as filling the water truck as needed. The water truck driver will also assist with general labor activities and operate equipment if qualified. Attention to detail and safety are a MUST! This position does require a Class B CDL and a current Medical Card. Benefits are available including medical, dental, vision, accident, 401k and more. Experience driving a water truck is prefered. If you do not have the experience, but have a class B we can train you! Benefits offered: Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401K with a generous company match PTO (Paid Time Off) For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1051523-364433Apr 11, 2019Full timeScott Contracting is looking for Water Truck drivers!!! This position included driving and operating a water truck as well as filling the water truck as needed. The water truck driver will also assist with general labor activities and operate equipment if qualified. Attention to detail and safety are a MUST! This position does require a Class B CDL and a current Medical Card. Benefits are available including medical, dental, vision, accident, 401k and more. Experience driving a water truck is prefered. If you do not have the experience, but have a class B we can train you! Benefits offered: Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance 401K with a generous company match PTO (Paid Time Off) For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1051523-364433Systems Engineer (#1048273)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Systems Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. Candidate should have 5 years of systems engineering experience as well as the understanding of avionics systems and experience with customer requirements elicitation, capture and documentation. Candidate must have understanding of system requirements decomposition and the creation of mechanical, electrical, and software performance and reliability specifications. Candidate must have experience generating and tracing requirements in a requirements management tool. Candidate must have working knowledge of DOORS and possess in-depth practical and theoretical technical engineering knowledge. Candidate must be capable of working independently, as a team member, or leading tasks to solve engineering and scientific problems within a research and development environment. Candidate must have the ability to effectively communicate by verbal and written methods to include face-to-face, phone, briefs, emails, information papers, white papers, executive summaries, agendas, minutes, plans, and reports. Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of relevant Systems Engineering experience Experience executing classic systems engineering principles and processes for defense systems Experience with requirement allocation, traceability, verification, and validation planning and execution Experience working in DOORS requirement databases Ability to identify, develop, and maintain stakeholder requirements Strong critical thinking skills Strong oral and written communication skills Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's/ Master's Degree in an Engineering- oriented discipline or related field is required. Desired Skills : Experience with model based systems engineering (MBSE) with SysML Working knowledge of MBSE tools such as MagicDraw, Rhapsody, or Enterprise Architect Knowledge of Rotorcraft subsystems (air frame, dynamics) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048273-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Systems Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. Candidate should have 5 years of systems engineering experience as well as the understanding of avionics systems and experience with customer requirements elicitation, capture and documentation. Candidate must have understanding of system requirements decomposition and the creation of mechanical, electrical, and software performance and reliability specifications. Candidate must have experience generating and tracing requirements in a requirements management tool. Candidate must have working knowledge of DOORS and possess in-depth practical and theoretical technical engineering knowledge. Candidate must be capable of working independently, as a team member, or leading tasks to solve engineering and scientific problems within a research and development environment. Candidate must have the ability to effectively communicate by verbal and written methods to include face-to-face, phone, briefs, emails, information papers, white papers, executive summaries, agendas, minutes, plans, and reports. Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of relevant Systems Engineering experience Experience executing classic systems engineering principles and processes for defense systems Experience with requirement allocation, traceability, verification, and validation planning and execution Experience working in DOORS requirement databases Ability to identify, develop, and maintain stakeholder requirements Strong critical thinking skills Strong oral and written communication skills Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's/ Master's Degree in an Engineering- oriented discipline or related field is required. Desired Skills : Experience with model based systems engineering (MBSE) with SysML Working knowledge of MBSE tools such as MagicDraw, Rhapsody, or Enterprise Architect Knowledge of Rotorcraft subsystems (air frame, dynamics) EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048273-145621Military Operations Analyst (#1050364)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Military Operations Analyst to support our Schriever AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide the Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of the development of JFCC IMD Campaign Support Plans and synchronization of senior leader engagements, communications, and messaging to support strategic military objectives. Candidate will support implementation of Global IMD CONOPs, identifies lessons learned and evolving processes, to include in periodic revisions, support to collaborative working groups, joint planning groups and conferences. Candidate will provide support to concept development and execution of any required senior leader events. Candidate will support strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level applying knowledge of Joint Operations Planning Process, the Adaptive Planning Process, JOPES and products and effects-based planning. Provides support through analysis and assessment of objectives and elements of the Campaign Support Plan and Command priorities. The contractor will be responsible for working across the command directorates for development of the analytical methodology, qualitative and quantitative measures of effectiveness, measures of performance and indicators, data collection techniques and tools to provide a comprehensive assessment of progress toward meeting objectives. Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of military experience or experience in military operations, mission planning, and exercise support Excellence presentation skills to brief GO/FO Level Knowledge experience with Microsoft Office Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments SAMS Graduate EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050364-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Military Operations Analyst to support our Schriever AFB, CO location. The candidate will provide the Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of the development of JFCC IMD Campaign Support Plans and synchronization of senior leader engagements, communications, and messaging to support strategic military objectives. Candidate will support implementation of Global IMD CONOPs, identifies lessons learned and evolving processes, to include in periodic revisions, support to collaborative working groups, joint planning groups and conferences. Candidate will provide support to concept development and execution of any required senior leader events. Candidate will support strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level applying knowledge of Joint Operations Planning Process, the Adaptive Planning Process, JOPES and products and effects-based planning. Provides support through analysis and assessment of objectives and elements of the Campaign Support Plan and Command priorities. The contractor will be responsible for working across the command directorates for development of the analytical methodology, qualitative and quantitative measures of effectiveness, measures of performance and indicators, data collection techniques and tools to provide a comprehensive assessment of progress toward meeting objectives. Required Skills/Experience: 5-10 years of military experience or experience in military operations, mission planning, and exercise support Excellence presentation skills to brief GO/FO Level Knowledge experience with Microsoft Office Travel: 10% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments SAMS Graduate EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050364-145621Process and Project Manager (#1047097)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Process and Project Manager to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The candidate will provide support to the Missile Defense Agency at the Missile Defense Integration & Operations Center (MDIOC) located in Colorado Springs, CO. Candidate will support day-to-day operations for the Verification, Validation, and Accreditation (VV&A) team by performing project and process management activities. Specifically, the candidate will coordinate closely with government and other industry representatives to assist with information requests and senior level inquiries. The candidate will also develop and maintain information assurance requirements to satisfy MDA usage requirements as well as support, report, and plan deliverables to ensure items are formally staffed for review, signature, and release. Also, the candidate will coordinate and track official tasker action items. Candidate will also administer staff meetings, reports, briefings, training, security requirements, and local government protocols. Required Skills/Experience: 5+ years of related experience Demonstrated technical experience and familiarity with project and process management Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and be able to communicate effectively Possess the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Be able to efficiently and effectively support government customers under short suspense timelines Ability to obtain/ maintan a DoD Secret Security Clearance Ability to work in fast paced environment and be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Must be able to able to communicate clearly with senior leadership, via briefings and reports Must be a U.S. Citizen Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree in Systems Engineering or other Technical Discipline from an accredited institution is required. An additional 6+ years of experience may be substituted in lieu of degree. Desired Skills : DoD Secret Security clearance General knowledge of ballistic missile defense concepts, process & project management background EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1047097-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Process and Project Manager to support our Colorado Springs, CO location. The candidate will provide support to the Missile Defense Agency at the Missile Defense Integration & Operations Center (MDIOC) located in Colorado Springs, CO. Candidate will support day-to-day operations for the Verification, Validation, and Accreditation (VV&A) team by performing project and process management activities. Specifically, the candidate will coordinate closely with government and other industry representatives to assist with information requests and senior level inquiries. The candidate will also develop and maintain information assurance requirements to satisfy MDA usage requirements as well as support, report, and plan deliverables to ensure items are formally staffed for review, signature, and release. Also, the candidate will coordinate and track official tasker action items. Candidate will also administer staff meetings, reports, briefings, training, security requirements, and local government protocols. Required Skills/Experience: 5+ years of related experience Demonstrated technical experience and familiarity with project and process management Must possess excellent interpersonal skills and be able to communicate effectively Possess the ability to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Be able to efficiently and effectively support government customers under short suspense timelines Ability to obtain/ maintan a DoD Secret Security Clearance Ability to work in fast paced environment and be able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously Must be able to able to communicate clearly with senior leadership, via briefings and reports Must be a U.S. Citizen Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree in Systems Engineering or other Technical Discipline from an accredited institution is required. An additional 6+ years of experience may be substituted in lieu of degree. Desired Skills : DoD Secret Security clearance General knowledge of ballistic missile defense concepts, process & project management background EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1047097-145621Military Operations Analyst (#1050352)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Military Operations Analyst to support our Schriever AFB, CO location. Candidate will provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of the development of JFCC IMD Campaign Support Plans and synchronization of senior leader engagements, communications, and messaging to support strategic military objectives. Candidate will support the implementation of Global IMD CONOPs, identify lessons learned and evolving processes, to include in periodic revisions, support to collaborative working groups, joint planning groups and conferences. Candidate will provide support to concept development and execution of any required senior leader events as well as support strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level applying knowledge of Joint Operations Planning Process, the Adaptive Planning Process, JOPES and products and effects-based planning. Required Skills/Experience: Experience in military operations, mission planning, and exercise support Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/ SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/ SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5+ years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050352-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Military Operations Analyst to support our Schriever AFB, CO location. Candidate will provide Subject Matter Expertise (SME) in support of the development of JFCC IMD Campaign Support Plans and synchronization of senior leader engagements, communications, and messaging to support strategic military objectives. Candidate will support the implementation of Global IMD CONOPs, identify lessons learned and evolving processes, to include in periodic revisions, support to collaborative working groups, joint planning groups and conferences. Candidate will provide support to concept development and execution of any required senior leader events as well as support strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level applying knowledge of Joint Operations Planning Process, the Adaptive Planning Process, JOPES and products and effects-based planning. Required Skills/Experience: Experience in military operations, mission planning, and exercise support Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/ SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/ SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5+ years of experience is required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050352-145621Subject Matter Expert (#1050327)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Subject Matter Expert to support our Schriever AFB, Colorado location. Candidate will provide direct support in the development, execution, and maintenance of the IMD/BMDS advocacy strategy as well as to the development of the advocacy products (e.g., Global Integrated Air and Missile Defense Assessment (GIAMDA), Capability and Capability Attributes (C&CA)), required by the HQ STRATCOM and JFCC IMD missions. The advocacy strategy shall include: the warfighter involvement process (WIP), various WIP Focus Groups (e.g., BMC3, Active Defense, Sensor, C2BMC Planner Forums, etc.), the, Joint Concept Documents, Integrated Concept Documents, and other supporting documents. The candidate will participate in Modification and Fielding Request Review Boards (MFRRB) and develop Modification and Fielding Request Lists (MFRL) (1/yr.). The candidate will utilize available data to support advocacy including, but not limited to: the analysis and assessments from MDA, Operational Test Agency, the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization (JIAMDO), Services, and GCCs. The candidate will provide expertise to evaluate Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) products proposed and submitted by key materiel developers (e.g., MDA and the Services) to ensure availability of resources to execute the IMD missions. Required Skills/Experience: Experience with analysis of DOTMLPF products Warfighter strategic plans and communications Expertise in strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/ SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/ SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of experience in related field are required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments. JCIDS experience EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050327-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Subject Matter Expert to support our Schriever AFB, Colorado location. Candidate will provide direct support in the development, execution, and maintenance of the IMD/BMDS advocacy strategy as well as to the development of the advocacy products (e.g., Global Integrated Air and Missile Defense Assessment (GIAMDA), Capability and Capability Attributes (C&CA)), required by the HQ STRATCOM and JFCC IMD missions. The advocacy strategy shall include: the warfighter involvement process (WIP), various WIP Focus Groups (e.g., BMC3, Active Defense, Sensor, C2BMC Planner Forums, etc.), the, Joint Concept Documents, Integrated Concept Documents, and other supporting documents. The candidate will participate in Modification and Fielding Request Review Boards (MFRRB) and develop Modification and Fielding Request Lists (MFRL) (1/yr.). The candidate will utilize available data to support advocacy including, but not limited to: the analysis and assessments from MDA, Operational Test Agency, the Joint Integrated Air and Missile Defense Organization (JIAMDO), Services, and GCCs. The candidate will provide expertise to evaluate Planning, Programming, Budgeting, and Execution (PPBE) products proposed and submitted by key materiel developers (e.g., MDA and the Services) to ensure availability of resources to execute the IMD missions. Required Skills/Experience: Experience with analysis of DOTMLPF products Warfighter strategic plans and communications Expertise in strategic and/or joint level planning at the combatant command level Travel: 15% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Top Secret/ SCI clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Top Secret/ SCI clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: A Bachelor's Degree or 5-10 years of experience in related field are required. Desired Skills : Experience/Knowledge of Joint Staff, Combatant Commands, Service staffs and components for the development and analysis of Strategic Campaign Plans, CONPLANS, and Assessments. JCIDS experience EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050327-145621Senior Test Engineer (#1048648)PeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Test Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. Candidate should have 15+ years of systems and Integration testing engineering experience as well as the understanding and experience with customer requirements elicitation, capture and documentation. Candidate must have understanding of system requirements decomposition and have experience generating and tracing requirements in a requirements management tool and be able to generate Integration Master Test Plans (IMTPs). Candidate must possess in-depth practical and theoretical technical engineering knowledge. Candidate must be capable of working independently, as a team member, or leading tasks to solve engineering and scientific problems within a research and development environment. Candidate must have the ability to effectively communicate by verbal and written methods to include face-to-face, phone, briefs, emails, information papers, white papers, executive summaries, agendas, minutes, plans, and reports. Required Skills/Experience : 15+ years of relevant Systems Engineering and/or and Integration Testing experience Experience executing classic systems engineering principles and processes for defense systems Experience with requirement allocation, traceability, verification, and validation planning and execution Ability to identify, develop, and maintain stakeholder requirements Strong critical thinking skills Strong oral and written communication skills Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's/Master's Degree in an Engineering-oriented, Applied Science, or Physics discipline or related field is required. Desired Skills : Experience with operational flight testing Knowledge of MDA systems, to include Targets and Countermeasures EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048648-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Senior Test Engineer to support our Huntsville, AL location. Candidate should have 15+ years of systems and Integration testing engineering experience as well as the understanding and experience with customer requirements elicitation, capture and documentation. Candidate must have understanding of system requirements decomposition and have experience generating and tracing requirements in a requirements management tool and be able to generate Integration Master Test Plans (IMTPs). Candidate must possess in-depth practical and theoretical technical engineering knowledge. Candidate must be capable of working independently, as a team member, or leading tasks to solve engineering and scientific problems within a research and development environment. Candidate must have the ability to effectively communicate by verbal and written methods to include face-to-face, phone, briefs, emails, information papers, white papers, executive summaries, agendas, minutes, plans, and reports. Required Skills/Experience : 15+ years of relevant Systems Engineering and/or and Integration Testing experience Experience executing classic systems engineering principles and processes for defense systems Experience with requirement allocation, traceability, verification, and validation planning and execution Ability to identify, develop, and maintain stakeholder requirements Strong critical thinking skills Strong oral and written communication skills Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's/Master's Degree in an Engineering-oriented, Applied Science, or Physics discipline or related field is required. Desired Skills : Experience with operational flight testing Knowledge of MDA systems, to include Targets and Countermeasures EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048648-145621Artificial Intelligence Analyst/Senior Subject Matter ExpertPeopleTec, Inc. Colorado Springs, CO, USAPeopleTec is currently seeking a Artificial Intelligence Analyst/Senior Subject Matter Expert to support our Fort Campbell, KY location. Candidate will provide support to an Army Special Operations Aviation organization by performing system analysis, project analysis and management activities using digital services (cloud, analytics, Machine/Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence solutions, interactive data visualization, and business intelligence). Candidate will be working internally within the Artificial Intelligence team to develop innovative concepts and applications, and for our customer to pilot and deploy solutions at scale. Candidate will provide subject matter expertise in conducting technical analysis utilizing the Rubix software system, as well as other data systems and analysis/presentation tools. Candidate will also provide support on system and software engineering activities to include software development, integration, and test and evaluation projects. Required Skills/Experience: 15+ years of related experience in Army Aviation is required In-depth knowledge of ULLS-A, ACN, TAMMS-A and the Army supply system is required Proficiency with Microsoft Office is also required Additional experience in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Aerospace, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or Engineering/Technical Management preferred In-depth experience in Army Special Operations Aviation maintenance practices is preferred Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in a related field is desired Desired Skills : In-depth experience formulating reliability, maintainability and cost-wise readiness analysis is highly desirable Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server is desirable EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050089-145621Apr 10, 2019Full timePeopleTec is currently seeking a Artificial Intelligence Analyst/Senior Subject Matter Expert to support our Fort Campbell, KY location. Candidate will provide support to an Army Special Operations Aviation organization by performing system analysis, project analysis and management activities using digital services (cloud, analytics, Machine/Deep Learning, Artificial Intelligence solutions, interactive data visualization, and business intelligence). Candidate will be working internally within the Artificial Intelligence team to develop innovative concepts and applications, and for our customer to pilot and deploy solutions at scale. Candidate will provide subject matter expertise in conducting technical analysis utilizing the Rubix software system, as well as other data systems and analysis/presentation tools. Candidate will also provide support on system and software engineering activities to include software development, integration, and test and evaluation projects. Required Skills/Experience: 15+ years of related experience in Army Aviation is required In-depth knowledge of ULLS-A, ACN, TAMMS-A and the Army supply system is required Proficiency with Microsoft Office is also required Additional experience in Computer Science, Systems Engineering, Aerospace, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering or Engineering/Technical Management preferred In-depth experience in Army Special Operations Aviation maintenance practices is preferred Travel: 5% Must be a U.S. Citizen An active DoD Secret clearance is required to perform this work. Candidates are required to have an active Secret clearance upon hire, and the ability to maintain this level of clearance during their employment. Education Requirements: Bachelor's Degree in a related field is desired Desired Skills : In-depth experience formulating reliability, maintainability and cost-wise readiness analysis is highly desirable Knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server is desirable EOE/Minorities/Females/Veterans/Disabled PeopleTec, Inc. is an Equal Employment Opportunity employer and provides reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with disabilities and disabled veterans in its job application procedures. If you have any difficulty using our online system and you need an accommodation due to a disability, you may use the following email address, HR@peopletec.com and/or phone number (256.319.3800) to contact us about your interest in employment with PeopleTec, Inc. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, genetic information, citizenship, ancestry, marital status, protected veteran status, disability status or any other status protected by federal, state, or local law. PeopleTec, Inc. participates in E-Verify. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1050089-145621Earthwork ForemanScott Contracting Inc Denver, CO, USAScott Contracting is look for an Earthwork Foreman. If you have experience managing Earthwork crews, Big Dirt, crews, or managing construction crews, please apply now! LOCATION: Colorado DUTIES : Supervise the specific scopes of work on construction projects including the management of crews, subcontractors, equipment, and materials delivery. Assist in all project cost control. Review, understand, and adhere to all contracts. Order concrete as needed. QUALIFICATIONS : Experience managing construction field operations, specifically structure and/or concrete crews. Understands specifications to plan procedures for the project schedule and staffing requirements for each phase of construction and makes sure we stay within budget and production guidelines. Why work with Scott Contracting? Employees are vital to who we are and what we do. We seek employees who share our values and high standards and who dedicate themselves to progressing, growing, and expanding in their abilities. We offer a competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and professional development / training. Benefits Include: Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance Accident Insurance 401K match PTO (Paid Time Off) Scott Contracting Inc. is an \"Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action\" Employer For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048854-364433Apr 09, 2019Full timeScott Contracting is look for an Earthwork Foreman. If you have experience managing Earthwork crews, Big Dirt, crews, or managing construction crews, please apply now! LOCATION: Colorado DUTIES : Supervise the specific scopes of work on construction projects including the management of crews, subcontractors, equipment, and materials delivery. Assist in all project cost control. Review, understand, and adhere to all contracts. Order concrete as needed. QUALIFICATIONS : Experience managing construction field operations, specifically structure and/or concrete crews. Understands specifications to plan procedures for the project schedule and staffing requirements for each phase of construction and makes sure we stay within budget and production guidelines. Why work with Scott Contracting? Employees are vital to who we are and what we do. We seek employees who share our values and high standards and who dedicate themselves to progressing, growing, and expanding in their abilities. We offer a competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and professional development / training. Benefits Include: Health Insurance Dental Insurance Vision Insurance Life Insurance Accident Insurance 401K match PTO (Paid Time Off) Scott Contracting Inc. is an \"Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action\" Employer For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048854-364433Construction SuperintendentScott Contracting Inc Denver, CO, USAJob Description : SUPERINTENDENT (SHORT CREW, ROCK CREW, INLET CREW , MAIN LINE CREW, PAVING, HEAVY HIGHWAY PAVING, DIRT CREW ) (Asphalt, Concrete, Utilities, Dirt) Scott Contracting is looking for Superintendents for multiple divisions! If you have Pipe, Concrete, Dirt, Utilities, or other construction supervisor experience please apply now! Your position is paid salary and exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act. You are not limited to 40 hours per week. You are expected to work as needed to accomplish the objectives assigned to you and your department. Your employment is \"At Will\" and may be terminated at any time by you or Scott Contracting, for any reason, without notice. Primary Purpose: Schedule, coordinate and supervise craft employee activities. May involve supervising one or more crafts working on a particular construction project. Maintain positive relationship and liaison with owner/agent and project manager to ensure work complies with drawings, specifications, budget, and schedule. Typical Duties Level 1: Plan and supervise craft activities; includes determining method of construction, manpower levels, material quantities equipment, temporary power sources, work schedule, and documenting actual hours worked. Assist in resolving construction problems (lack of productivity, work interfaces, etc.) as required. Monitor craft compliance with project safety program requirements. Document and ensure corrective measures are implemented. Maintain liaison with other departments to ensure all required trucks, materials, equipment, inspections, etc, support your activities and project schedule. Typical Duties Level 2: Coordinate work on multiple projects with work of different crafts, departments, or other contractors. Mental Requirements: Advanced understanding of construction scheduling, cost control, and the ability to control and supervise large groups of employees. Possess a commanding presence with a forthright manner. Physically Requirements: Employee must be able to stand or walk for long periods; use arms and hands to reach for, handle, and manipulate objects; lift and carry materials weighing up to 50 pounds; climb up and down ladders, scaffolds, and other objects and carry tools and equipment; stoop, kneel, crouch, and crawl. Licensing Requirements: possession of a valid Colorado driver's license as a requirement to operate vehicles and equipment; OSHA 10-Hour card; First-Aid card; may include other licensing as needed. Language Requirements: Ability to communicate effectively, both in writing and verbally, is required. Training Requirements: Educational and experience requirements include technical training and/or experience. Minimum of three years supervisory experience in construction required. We offer competitive wages, a 401K plan (with a generous company match), as well as Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and Disability Insurance. PTO (Paid Time Off) is another benefit as well. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048809-364433Apr 09, 2019Full timeJob Description : SUPERINTENDENT (SHORT CREW, ROCK CREW, INLET CREW , MAIN LINE CREW, PAVING, HEAVY HIGHWAY PAVING, DIRT CREW ) (Asphalt, Concrete, Utilities, Dirt) Scott Contracting is looking for Superintendents for multiple divisions! If you have Pipe, Concrete, Dirt, Utilities, or other construction supervisor experience please apply now! Your position is paid salary and exempt from the Fair Labor Standards Act. You are not limited to 40 hours per week. You are expected to work as needed to accomplish the objectives assigned to you and your department. Your employment is \"At Will\" and may be terminated at any time by you or Scott Contracting, for any reason, without notice. Primary Purpose: Schedule, coordinate and supervise craft employee activities. May involve supervising one or more crafts working on a particular construction project. Maintain positive relationship and liaison with owner/agent and project manager to ensure work complies with drawings, specifications, budget, and schedule. Typical Duties Level 1: Plan and supervise craft activities; includes determining method of construction, manpower levels, material quantities equipment, temporary power sources, work schedule, and documenting actual hours worked. Assist in resolving construction problems (lack of productivity, work interfaces, etc.) as required. Monitor craft compliance with project safety program requirements. Document and ensure corrective measures are implemented. Maintain liaison with other departments to ensure all required trucks, materials, equipment, inspections, etc, support your activities and project schedule. Typical Duties Level 2: Coordinate work on multiple projects with work of different crafts, departments, or other contractors. Mental Requirements: Advanced understanding of construction scheduling, cost control, and the ability to control and supervise large groups of employees. Possess a commanding presence with a forthright manner. Physically Requirements: Employee must be able to stand or walk for long periods; use arms and hands to reach for, handle, and manipulate objects; lift and carry materials weighing up to 50 pounds; climb up and down ladders, scaffolds, and other objects and carry tools and equipment; stoop, kneel, crouch, and crawl. Licensing Requirements: possession of a valid Colorado driver's license as a requirement to operate vehicles and equipment; OSHA 10-Hour card; First-Aid card; may include other licensing as needed. Language Requirements: Ability to communicate effectively, both in writing and verbally, is required. Training Requirements: Educational and experience requirements include technical training and/or experience. Minimum of three years supervisory experience in construction required. We offer competitive wages, a 401K plan (with a generous company match), as well as Medical, Dental, Vision, Life and Disability Insurance. PTO (Paid Time Off) is another benefit as well. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1048809-364433Blade OperatorScott Contracting Inc Centennial, CO 80112, USAScott Contracting is looking for Scraper or Blade Operators!!! Why work with Scott Contracting? Employees are vital to who we are and what we do. We seek employees who share our values and high standards and who dedicate themselves to progressing, growing, and expanding in their abilities. We offer a competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and professional development/training. Benefits Include: Health and Wellness Insurance Retirement Benefits POSITION: Scraper or Blade Operator LOCATION: Various job sites throughout CO DUTIES: The specific duties will vary based on the project assignment. Perform physical labor on a heavy civil construction project. Operate various hand tools including shovels, powered hand compactors, saws, drills, etc. Operating basic surveying/ layout equipment including a tape measure, level, pipe laser, etc. Assist in handling, loading and unloading materials safely. Recognize risks and hazards on job site. Work in close proximity to other equipment and crewmembers. Assist and work with others on construction crews. Other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Willingness to work hard each day. Willingness to travel. Preferred 1- 2 years' prior experience in the construction or farming industry. Heavy civil construction, road building, and pipe laying experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must be able to demonstrate high levels of skill in performing duties listed above. Good math skills for calculating measurements and accurate adjustments. Attention and commitment to safety, ability to follow instructions. Ability to move at least 25 pounds. Physical dexterity, stamina and excellent hand-eye coordination with the ability to grasp, assemble, and lift objects, stand, sit, and walk for extended periods over uneven surfaces, squat, bend, climb ladders onto equipment or other objects, and potentially lie down. Ability to work in constant exposure to outside elements. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1044449-364433Apr 04, 2019Full timeScott Contracting is looking for Scraper or Blade Operators!!! Why work with Scott Contracting? Employees are vital to who we are and what we do. We seek employees who share our values and high standards and who dedicate themselves to progressing, growing, and expanding in their abilities. We offer a competitive compensation package, generous benefits, and professional development/training. Benefits Include: Health and Wellness Insurance Retirement Benefits POSITION: Scraper or Blade Operator LOCATION: Various job sites throughout CO DUTIES: The specific duties will vary based on the project assignment. Perform physical labor on a heavy civil construction project. Operate various hand tools including shovels, powered hand compactors, saws, drills, etc. Operating basic surveying/ layout equipment including a tape measure, level, pipe laser, etc. Assist in handling, loading and unloading materials safely. Recognize risks and hazards on job site. Work in close proximity to other equipment and crewmembers. Assist and work with others on construction crews. Other duties as assigned. QUALIFICATIONS: Willingness to work hard each day. Willingness to travel. Preferred 1- 2 years' prior experience in the construction or farming industry. Heavy civil construction, road building, and pipe laying experience preferred, but not required. Applicants must be able to demonstrate high levels of skill in performing duties listed above. Good math skills for calculating measurements and accurate adjustments. Attention and commitment to safety, ability to follow instructions. Ability to move at least 25 pounds. Physical dexterity, stamina and excellent hand-eye coordination with the ability to grasp, assemble, and lift objects, stand, sit, and walk for extended periods over uneven surfaces, squat, bend, climb ladders onto equipment or other objects, and potentially lie down. Ability to work in constant exposure to outside elements. For more information, or to apply now, you must go to the website below. Please DO NOT email your resume to us as we only accept applications through our website. https://www.applicantpro.com/j/1044449-364433Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitter"
