"JobExpress - Website Recruitment & Job search | Find the latest job, candidate fastestToggle navigationJobseeker loginJobExpressHomeAll JobsContact UsFor RecruitersLoginCompany RegistrationFor JobSeekersLanguageEnglishပြည်ထောင်စုသမ္မတ မြန်မာနိုင်ငံတော်JOBEXPRESS ONLINE RECRUITMENT WEBSITEWe are here for youOperation regulation of Jobexpress E-CommerceI. General RulesJOBEXPRESS is operated by JOBEXPRESS TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS CO., LTD. Members are legal traders, organizations and individuals that are accredited by Jobexpress and are permitted to use the services provided by JOBEXPRESS E-Commerce and related parties.This principle applies to registered members to use, to post jobs or to find jobs and perform on the JOBEXPRESS E-Commerce.Traders, organizations and individuals participating in transactions at the JOBEXPRESS E-commerce are free to agree on the basis of respecting the rights and benefits of participating parties through contracts and complying with legal regulations.The information is posted on JOBEXPRESS E-Commerce must comply with legal regulations and except prohibited cases.Posting job information via JOBEXPRESS E-Commerce must be public, clearly, ensuring the benefits of Jobseekers.All contents in this Regulation must comply with the laws of Myanmar. Members participating in JOBEXPRESS E-commerce must understand their legal responsibilities and commit to comply with the contents of the Regulation of JOBEXPRESS E-commerce.II. Additional General RulesThe website www.jobexpress.com.mm is under JOBEXPRESS Technology Solution Company Limited. This E-commerce site provides tools where organizations and individuals can make sales.General Definition:Employers: Enterprises, organizations and individuals that need to use Jobexpress's services include: posting online jobs, finding candidate profiles.Jobseekers: Enterprises, organizations and individuals that need to find jobs information are posted on JOBEXPRESS. Jobseekers have the right to register an account or not to register.Members: include candidates and employers who register the use of the website of JOBEXPRESS to view the jobs posted by users or post the recruitment notices. When you register as a member of JOBEXPRESS, the member understands that:+ Members can create their own personal account to use.+ Members can post jobs in accordance with the standard.Product: it is one or more available services in Service List of JOBEXPRESS through Orders and/or Service Contracts.III.	Trading Procedure1. Process for Jobseeker1.1.	Account registrationRegistration on JOBEXPRESS is fast & free. User can register as a member through your available linked accounts on Facebook, Twitter and Google or create a new account by filling information in the form below:When you register to become a Member of JOBEXPRESS and approved by JOBEXPRESS, Members will be able to apply for suitable positions posted on JOBEXPRESS.After creating a new account, Member shall be fully responsible for the password and other information of account. If Member's account is illegally used, it is the direct responsibility of Member. JOBEXPRESS has the right to investigate, eliminate or reject member information.1.2. Creating an online resume as Jobseeker role:When looking for a job on JOBEXPRESS website, Jobseekers/candidates can create resumes by completing the following steps prescribed, include:Step 1: Login to your member account on JOBEXPRESS website.Step 2: After successful login, member click on the \"My Profile\" tab on the Menu bar to create a profile.Step 3: Members fill in the required and general information (personal information, experience, education, skills, language, etc) or can upload the attached file.Step 4: Click on the \"Save\" button to complete creating the profile.Step 5: After posting the profile, the Jobseeker/candidate manages the profile information by clicking on each different tab such as suggested jobs, save jobs, applied for jobs, job alert and who viewed my profile.1.3. Apply jobsStep 1: View and select jobs on the JOBEXPRESS website which fix with your skills.Step 2: Login to your member account on JOBEXPRESS website.Step 3: Choose the profile that was created online or upload the profile from your computer to apply for the job..Step 4: Click on \"Apply\" button to apply job and check your email box. Jobexpress will send a confirmation email whenever your profile is sent to employer.2.	Process for Employer2.1 Create AccountEmployer needs to create an account to use Jobexpress services. To create an account, please fill the available information, include:After creating a successful account and being activated, Employers contact JOBEXPRESS to select the service packages: Job Posting or Resume Search.2.2 Job Posting procedureAfter successful registration, Employers can post jobs as the following steps:Step 1: Login to the system with the service package that you selected.Step 2: Enter recruitment information (job title, job description, job requirements, contact information, etc).Step 3: After filling in the information and then click on \"Post this job\" to post the job on the Jobexpress website.Step 4: After posting a successful job and the content is censored, the job will appear on the website www.jobexpress.com.mm. Whenever Jobseekers submit applications on a job, Employers will receive the candidate information via email or notification system.2.3 Resume SearchEmployers are looking for resumes can choose to buy \"Resume Search\" service. After having an account to access the system, the employer views the list of candidates in the \"Resume Database\" section, when the suitable candidate is found, the Employer contact JOBEXPRESS to purchase the service package and view contact information of candidate profiles.3.	Delivery and transportation policiesBecause JOBEXPRESS is a website that allows Employers and Jobseekers to post jobs or upload candidates profile, the Company does not have a policy of delivery and transportation. Recruitment and transactions are completely based on negotiations between Employers and Jobseekers through interviews, testing, phone calls, etc…4.	The procedure for resolving disputes or complaints:Any dispute between users or between users with JOBEXPRESS is resolved on the basis of negotiation. Please perform the following steps to resolve any complaints:Step 1: Any complaints related services must be sent to Customer Support Department via email contact@jobexpress.com.mmStep 2: We will receive feedback and proactively resolve them quickly based on published policies.Step 3: JOBEXPRESS will consider reasonable requests to resolve the dispute through the dispute resolution procedures instead, such as arbitration, the alternative to litigation. Where no agreement is reached as expected, either party may bring the case to the People's Court has jurisdiction to resolve.JOBEXPRESS respects and strictly implements the provisions of the law on the protection of job seekers' rights. Therefore, when posting jobs on the website, the members please provide complete, accurate, honest and detailed information on relevant information. All frauds are condemned and must be fully responsible before the law.The parties include job seekers, employers will be responsible for solving the problem. For employers, it is the responsibility of providing documents to certify information regarding the incident that is causing conflicts with job seekers. For JOBEXPRESS, it will be responsible for providing information regarding job seekers and employers if requested by either party.After the Jobseeker and the Employer have resolved the dispute, it is the responsibility of notifying to JOBEXPRESS management. In case of inconsistency, the error belongs to the Employer, JOBEXPRESS will warn, lock the account or transfer to the competent law authority depending on the extent of the violation. JOBEXPRESS will terminate and remove all job postings of Employers on JOBEXPRESS website.If the negotiation cannot resolve the conflict that arises between the two job seekers and employers, one of the parties will ask the competent legal authority to ensure the legitimate benefits of the parties.IV.	Payment Procedure1.	The process of payment between buyers (candidates) and sellers (employers)JOBEXPRESS is an e-commerce site which allows candidates post profile or apply jobs with free of charge. So JOBEXPRESS will not give any regulations on payment between candidates and employers. Furthermore, we are not responsible for any payment transaction between candidates and employers. If there is any cost arising between the candidate and the employer, the two parties will negotiate with each other.2.	The process of payment between the Jobexpress and EmployerEmployers can pay the fee by bank transfer or in cash. Member shall pay Service Fee (if any), no later than the payment date specified on the order. The ordered services will be activated within three (03) working days from the date that Member pays Services Fee.If the payment date passes but the Member has not made payment for the service fee, JOBEXPRESS has the right to suspend the provision of services until the payment has been fully done.JOBEXPRESS will issue VAT invoices under the provisions of the current law of Myanmar upon customer's request. Customers shall be responsible for the accuracy of the information of VAT invoice.V. Ensuring trading safetyJOBEXPRESS establishes a mechanism to protect user’s information. In order to ensure successful recruitment transactions, minimize the risks that may arise:+ Employers must provide complete and accurate information about the content of the posting (name, address, phone number, email).+ Jobseekers directly contact the employer to confirm that the information posted at JOBEXPRESS is correct.In case the Employer requires Jobseeker to transfer an amount of money before submitting the application. Jobseekers must be cautious, find out information related to Employers, or can go to the recruitment company (if possible) before making a decision.JOBEXPRESS is not responsible for any damages or risks that members may incur without considering the posting.Jobseekers absolutely do not use any program or tool to interfere with the system or change the data structure. It is strictly forbidden to distribute, spread or encourage any activity to interfere, sabotage or violate the website system. All violations will be handled according to the Regulations and the provisions of law.All information is confidential, except when required to provide information by law.VI.Protection of member’s personal information1.	Purpose and scope of information collectionCollect data on JOBEXPRESS E-commerce including email, phone, username, login password, customer address (member). This is the required information that JOBEXPRESS needs to provide members when registering for the service and JOBEXPRESS can contact to confirm when the customer registers on the website and ensure the rights for members.The members will be responsible for the confidentiality and storage of all services using the registration name, password and email box. In addition, the member is responsible for promptly notifying the JOBEXPRESS E-Commerce Trading Platform of unauthorized activity, abuse, security breaches, keeping the third party's registration name and password.2.	Scope of information useBy providing your information, you agree with JOBEXPRESS, the associated companies, affiliated units and members under JOBEXPRESS may use your personal information. We also may use the information collected to:Providing services to members.Send notices about information exchange activities between members and JOBEXPRESS E-commerce.Preventing activities that destroy accounts of members or fake members.Communicate and solve difficulties with members in special cases.JOBEXPRESS shall not sell or lease personal information of members to third party for marketing purpose without the permission of Members.We may disclose such information if legally required, or from a government agency or if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with legal requirements or under process of law; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of JOBEXPRESS, or the partner companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.3.	Period of Information storagePersonal data of members will be stored until a request for cancellation or self-member login and perform cancellation in case of personal information will be kept confidential membership on the server of JOBEXPRESS.4.	Organizations or individuals may have access to informationBy providing your information, you agree with JOBEXPRESS, the associated companies, affiliated units and members under JOBEXPRESS may use your personal information.We also may use the information collected to inform you of other products and services by JOBEXPRESS or partner companies to offer.We also may use your contact information to send you emails or other communications regarding updates at JOBEXPRESS website. The content and frequency of these messages will depend on the information that we hold about you.We may disclose such information to third parties if you agree. For example, if you indicate that you wish to receive information on products and services of third parties when registering an account on JOBEXPRESS, we may provide your contact information for parties, for example, employers, people collect data, market staff or others with intent to email you or contact you in other ways.5.	The address of the units that collect and manage personal informationJobexpress Technology Solution Company LimitedAddress: No. 138/142, 2D, White Cloud Condo, Thein Phyu Road, Botahtaung Township, Yangon, MyanmarTel: (+95) 1 203909 -1 203910Email: sales@jobexpress.com.mm6.	Means and tools for users to access and edit their personal dataWe will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is accurate and updated. You can edit or delete your profile at any time by clicking on the \"My Profile\" link or graphic provided by the system as soon as you log in.Members have the right to submit a complaint about disclosure of personal information to third parties to JOBEXPRESS. Upon receiving this feedback, JOBEXPRESS will confirm the information and is responsible for answering the reason. Then guide the member to restore and secure the information.Email address to contact: sales@jobexpress.com.mm7.	Commitment to keep privacy of customer informationPersonal information of members on JOBEXPRESS are absolutely committed to policies protecting personal information in JOBEXPRESS. The collection and use of information by each member shall be made only upon the consent of the customer, except in the case of other legal provisions.Not to use, transfer, provide or disclose to any third party about personal information of members without permission from the members.In the case, that host information attacked by hacker resulting in the loss of personal data of member, JOBEXPRESS shall be responsible for informing the matter to the authorities to carry out the investigation promptly and inform members.Management Board of JOBEXPRESS requires individuals to register as a member, to provide full information regarding such individuals: full name, contact address, email, identity card number, phone number etc and shall be responsible for the legality of the above information. Management Board of JOBEXPRESS shall be not responsible for resolving all complaints related to the rights of members if it deems as that all personal information provided by that member when the initial registration is incorrect.8.	The procedure for resolving disputes or complaintsAny dispute between users or between users with JOBEXPRESS is resolved on the basis of negotiation. Please perform the following steps to resolve any complaints:Step 1: Any complaints arising in the course of using the services on E-Commerce transaction floors must be sent to Customer Support Department via email contact@jobexpress.com.mmStep 2: We will receive feedback from members and proactively resolve them quickly. Then answer the results of resolving complaints based on published policies.Step 3: JOBEXPRESS will consider reasonable requests to resolve the dispute through the dispute resolution procedures instead, such as arbitration, the alternative to litigation. Where no agreement is reached as expected, either party may bring the case to the People's Court has jurisdiction to resolve.JOBEXPRESS respects and strictly implements the provisions of the law on the protection of job seekers' rights. Therefore, when posting jobs on the website, the members please provide complete, accurate, honest and detailed information on relevant information. All frauds are condemned and must be fully responsible before the law.The parties include job seekers, employers will be responsible for solving the problem. For employers, it is the responsibility of providing documents to certify information regarding the incident that is causing conflicts with job seekers. For JOBEXPRESS, it will be responsible for providing information regarding job seekers and employers if requested by either party.After the Jobseeker and the Employer have resolved the dispute, it is the responsibility of reporting to JOBEXPRESS management. In case of inconsistency, the error belongs to the Employer, JOBEXPRESS will warn, lock the account or transfer to the competent law authority depending on the extent of the violation. JOBEXPRESS will terminate and remove all job postings of Employers on JOBEXPRESS website.If the negotiation cannot resolve the conflict that arises between the two job seekers and employers, one of the parties will ask the competent legal authority to ensure the legitimate benefits of the parties.VII.	Management of bad information1.	Regulations on posting information: Prohibit any action/activity as below:That is contrary to the law of Myanmar and international law, violate the rights of the third party and be contrary to the policies of JOBEXPRESS.To illegally use another person's account.To post any biographical information that is incomplete, incorrect or information is not the correct application of each Member (individuals seek jobs on the basis of full-time or part-time).To use the application data of JOBEXPRESS for any purpose when you are an employer seeking candidates, including but not limited to use the information in this database to sell or introduce any product or service. Send a letter or email, make a call or send fax relating to the promotion and/or advertising of products or services to the other Members of the JOBEXPRESS.Use a virus, malware ... affecting the operation of JOBEXPRESS or violate the property right of the users/Members.Copy or modify the website's content, including copyright, logo, brand.Use other user's information without consent.2.	List of prohibited goods/services for MembersMembers will be responsible for the security, storage and the use of all activities under their registration name, password and e-mail box by themselves. Members are responsible for timely notifying JOBEXPRESS about unauthorized use, abuse, violation of security, storage of registration name and password to mutually cooperate to handle.Members commit, agree not to use the services of JOBEXPRESS for illegal purposes, inappropriate purposes that defrauding, threatening, visiting illegal information, destroying, creating and spreading viruses that damaging the system, configuration, transmission of information on JOBEXPRESS. In case of violation, the member shall be responsible for their acts before the law.Members commit not to alter, modify, copy, spread, distribute, provide and create the same tools of JOBEXPRESS, provide a third party without the consent of JOBEXPRESS in this Regulation.Members shall not act in a manner of cause discredit to JOBEXPRESS in all forms as causing disunity among Members by using the second registration name, through a third party or propaganda, disseminating disadvantage information to the reputation of JOBEXPRESS.3.	Information control mechanism of Jobexpress E-commerce Management BoardJOBEXPRESS will check the information posted within 24 hours from the time the member posted the job. All contents that violate the rules of posting, the censorship department will refuse to post on the website or if the Member is wrong, the posting is not true, the censorship department will proceed to remove that content, and send a notice to the poster.In addition to the administrators of the JOBEXPRESS, you are the only person who has access to personal information. Your registration information is protected by password to prevent unauthorized access.We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. To ensure safety, you may want to log off when finished using JOBEXPRESS. This ensures that others can not access information and your personal correspondence in case of sharing a computer at a public place such as a library or coffice shop.Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be secured by 100%. Therefore, although we do our best protect your personal information, JOBEXPRESS can not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or Online services from us, and you have to take risks. As soon as we get the information you send, we will try our best to ensure safety on our system.VIII. Responsibility in case of technical errorsJOBEXPRESS commits to making an effort to ensure the safety and stability of the entire technical system. However, in the event of an incident caused by members, JOBEXPRESS will immediately adopt measures to ensure the interests of buyers.When making transactions on Jobexpess, the members must comply with the instruction procedures.Management Board of JOBEXPRESS committed to providing the best quality service to members participating in the transaction. If there arises a technical error, software error or other errors resulting objectively Members can not participate in transactions, the Member informs to the Management Board of JOBEXPRESS via email contact@jobexpress.com.mmHowever, the Management Board of JOBEXPRESS will not be responsible in case settlement inform the Members of the Management Board does not reach, arising from technical errors, communication line failure, software or other errors are not caused by the Management Board.IX.	The rights and responsibilities of JOBEXPRESS1.	The rights of JOBEXPRESSJOBEXPRESS will provide the services to Member after completing the required procedures and conditions that include (but not limited) the information about Member intends to be posted on JOBEXPRESS.In case that there is basis to demonstrate that Member provides information for JOBEXPRESS and that information is inaccurate, misleading, incomplete or violates the law or the habits and customs of Myanmar, JOBEXPRESS have the right to refuse, suspend or terminate the right to use the services.JOBEXPRESS may terminate one or all services of the Member and will inform Member in advance for at least one (01) months in case of that Member violates the Regulation of JOBEXPRESS or his behaviors affect business activity on JOBEXPRESS.JOBEXPRESS will terminate the member's right to use the service if the member does not participate in trading activities and exchange information on JOBEXPRESS continuously for three months. If you want to continue to become a member and be re-granted the right to use the service, you must re-register from the beginning according to the form and procedure of JOBEXPRESS.JOBEXPRESS may immediately terminate the service and Membership if JOBEXPRESS finds member's bankrupt, member convicted or during time served, in case that Members' continuous operation can harm JOBEXPRESS with fraudulent activities, counterfeit activities, causing market disruption, causing disunity to other members of JOBEXPRESS, activities violate current law of Myanmar. In case of termination of membership and service, all the certificates, membership right granted shall automatically expire and be terminated.JOBEXPRESS reserves the right to use services and contents on E-commerce in accordance with the law on intellectual property protection in Myanmar. All logos and content in different languages are owned by JOBEXPRESS E-commerce. All acts of illegally copying, using and disseminating such rights are strictly prohibited.JOBEXPRESS is not legally responsible and does not control the information provided by the member/other users through JOBEXPRESS.JOBEXPRESS only takes a role as to where employers post job opportunities and candidates post resumes and not prevent or censor the lists offered. JOBEXPRESS is not related to the actual transactions between employers and candidates. The result is that the Company can not control the quality, safety or legality of the jobs or resumes posted, the authenticity or accuracy of the list given, the ability to provide jobs for candidates of employers or the ability of candidates to fill job form.JOBEXPRESS reserves the right to change the service price and payment method during the time of providing services to members according to the needs and conditions of the JOBEXPRESS E-commerce and will notify the member one month in advance.2.	The obligations of JOBEXPRESSJOBEXPRESS shall be responsible for constructing E-Commerce, including some main tasks such as research, design, procurement of hardware and software, internet connection, policy development for the operation of JOBEXPRESS and possible scope.JOBEXPRESS will conduct deployment and collaboration with partners in the construction of the service system, the utility tools for the transactions of the participants and users on JOBEXPRESS.JOBEXPRESS takes measures for timely handling upon detecting either getting the reflection on the information/posting of Members that information/posting is not true and/or violates the Regulation and/or violates the law on E-Commerce.JOBEXPRESS prevents and removes information on goods/services of prohibited products in accordance with law.JOBEXPRESS removed from the website the job posting information/candidate's profile is not valid with the website's agreement to use or violate the law.JOBEXPRESS shall be responsible for systematically constructing, adding knowledge and information on e-commerce operations, trading legislation system at home and abroad, foreign markets, as well as information related to the operation of JOBEXPRESS.JOBEXPRESS will try it's best in the possible scope and conditions to maintain the normal operation of JOBEXPRESS and overcome incidents such as technical errors of machinery, software errors, internet transmission system, human resources, social upheavals, natural disasters, power loss, the decisions of a state agency or a third organization. However, if the above incidents unexpectedly occur out of control, or force majeure which causes damage to members, then JOBEXPRESS shall not take bear joint responsibility.Request traders, organizations and individuals who are the members on E-commerce to provide information as defined in Article 29 of Decree 52/2013/ND-CP when they register to use the service.Establish mechanisms for inspection and supervision to ensure the provision of information of members on E-commerce is done accurately and fully.Store registration information of traders, organizations and individuals involved in E-commerce and regularly update information on relevant changes and supplements.Apply necessary measures to ensure the safety of information relating to business secrets of traders, organizations, individuals and the personal information of members.There are timely remedial measures to detect or get reflection about trading behaviors violating the law on E-commerce.Support state authorities to investigate business activities that violate the law, provide registration information, transaction history and other documents on the subjects with law violations on E-commerce.Publicize mechanism for resolving disputes arising during the transaction on E-commerce. When members on E-commerce have conflicts (between candidates and employers or vice versa) or legitimate benefits compromised, it will give members information about the candidates/employers, members are actively supported to protect their legitimate benefits.Request traders, organizations and individuals on E-Commerce to provide information as prescribed.Name and headquarters address of the traders, organizations or name and permanent address of the individual.The number, date and place of issue of the certificate of business registration of traders, or number, date and agency of issuing the decision on the establishment of the organization, or individual's personal tax code.Telephone number or another online contact method.X. The rights and responsibilities of Members participating in JOBEXPRESS1.	The rights and responsibilities of Employer members participating in JOBEXPRESS1.1.	The rights of Employers member:When you register to become a Member of JOBEXPRESS and approved by JOBEXPRESS, members can post jobs on JOBEXPRESS website.Member will be provided with a registration name and password to use services such as creating and posting jobs or managing all resumes that apply for job positions.Member shall be instructed to use the tools, service features for building job information and use the utility services by the staff of JOBEXPRESS.Member has the right to contribute his ideas to JOBEXPRESS during operation. The recommendations are sent directly by letter or email to JOBEXPRESS.1.2.	The obligations and responsibilities of Employers member:Members will be responsible for the security, storage and use of all activities under their registration name, password and e-mail box by themselves.Members are responsible for timely notifying JOBEXPRESS about unauthorized use, abuse, violation of security, storage of registration name and password to mutually cooperate to handle.Members commit to providing information for JOBEXPRESS and the information posted on JOBEXPRESS is accurate and complete.Members are responsible for the content, image of Enterprise information and other information as well as the whole process of making transactions with partners/candidates on JOBEXPRESS.Members are responsible for providing recruitment information to support JOBEXPRESS E-commerce in resolving disputes arising between Employers and Jobseekers.Members are responsible for compensating Jobseekers if they prove that the error belongs to the employer.Members commit, agree not to use the services of JOBEXPRESS for illegal purposes, inappropriate purposes that defrauding, threatening, prospecting secret information, destroying, creating and spreading viruses that damaging the system, configuration, transmission of information on JOBEXPRESS. In case of violation, the member shall be responsible for their acts before the law.Members commit not to alter, modify, copy, spread, distribute, provide and create the same tools of JOBEXPRESS, provide a third party without the consent of JOBEXPRESS in this Regulation.Members shall not act in a manner of cause discredit to JOBEXPRESS in all forms as causing disunity among Members by using the second registration name, through a third party or propaganda, disseminating disadvantage information to the reputation of JOBEXPRESS.2.	The rights and responsibilities of Jobseekers member participating in JOBEXPRESS2.1.	The rights of Jobseekers member:When you register to become a Member of JOBEXPRESS and approved by JOBEXPRESS, members will be posted a resume to apply for job positions on JOBEXPRESS website.Member will be provided with a registration name and password to use services such as managing your resumes and apply for jobs.Members shall be instructed to use the tools, service features for building job information and use the utility services by the staff of JOBEXPRESS on JOBEXPRESS.Member has the right to contribute his ideas to JOBEXPRESS during operation. The recommendations are sent directly by letter or email to JOBEXPRESS.2.2.	The obligations and responsibilities of Jobseekers member:Members will be responsible for the security, storage and use of all activities under their registration name, password and e-mail box by themselves.Members are responsible for timely notifying JOBEXPRESS about unauthorized use, abuse, violation of security, storage of registration name and password to mutually cooperate to handle.Members commit to provide information for JOBEXPRESS and the information posted on JOBEXPRESS is accurate and complete.Members are responsible for the content, image of Enterprise information and other information as well as the whole process of making transactions with partners/candidates on JOBEXPRESS.Members commit, agree not to use the services of JOBEXPRESS for illegal purposes, inappropriate purposes that defrauding, threatening, visiting illegal information, destroying, creating and spreading viruses that damaging the system, configuration, transmission of information on JOBEXPRESS. In case of violation, the member shall be responsible for their acts before the law.Members commit not to alter, modify, copy, spread, distribute, provide and create the same tools of JOBEXPRESS, provide a third party without the consent of JOBEXPRESS in this Regulation.Members shall not act in a manner of cause discredit to JOBEXPRESS in all forms as causing disunity among Members by using the second registration name, through a third party or propaganda, disseminating disadvantage information to the reputation of JOBEXPRESS.XI. Provisions appliedThe Regulation of JOBEXPRESS officially takes effect from the date of posting on website of JOBEXPRESS. JOBEXPRESS has the right to adjust and change this Regulation to conform with operation practice and shall be responsible for informing Members to know on JOBEXPRESS. Amended Regulation takes effect from the date of amendment notification. Members' continuous use of the services after the Amended Regulation be published and implemented, it means that they have accepted this amended Regulation.In addition to legal measures, JOBEXPRESS may immediately terminate these Terms and Conditions or cancel any or all rights of members granted under the Terms and Conditions without notifying Members in advance. When this Agreement terminated, Member shall immediately cease the access and use of the website, and JOBEXPRESS, in addition to legal remedies, immediately withdraw all passwords and confirm the account issued to Members and deny access and use of website partly or wholly.XII.	Terms of commitmentAll members and partners when using JOBEXPRESS website as an online transaction, it means that the parties have agreed to follow this regulation.If you have any questions, please contact JOBEXPRESS according to the information below:JOBEXPRESS Technology Solution Company LimitedAddress: No. 138/142, 2D, White Cloud Condo, Thein Phyu Road, Botahtaung Township, Yangon, MyanmarTel: (+95) 1 203909 -1 203910Email: contact@jobexpress.com.mmPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseInformation Protection PolicyComplaint Resolution Process×Welcome to JobExpressPlease, Upload your CV and Complete your profile in \"My profile\" to perform this actionGo to \"My profile\"CloseAbout usOperation RegulationPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseInformation Protection PolicyComplaint Resolution ProcessBlogContact Us: (+95) 1 203909 -1 203910sales@jobexpress.com.mmHelp available : Monday - Friday, 8:30 - 17:30.Jobexpress Company LimitedAddress: No. 138/142, 2D, White Cloud Condo, Thein Phyu Road, Botahtaung Township, Yangon, Myanmar.Best view with: Chrome version 75.0, Firefox version 68.0, Safari version 12.0.1, IE10 or Higher.Copyright 2017, Jobexpress | Powered by 40HRS USA. All Rights Reserved.×CANDIDATES FORGET PASSWORDPlease enter your registered email address. We will send you instructions on how to reset your passwordWell done! Please check your email to finish changing your password.Send×Resend activation emailPlease enter your registered email to receive activation email againSuccess! We have just resent an account activation email. Please check and activate your account.Registered emailVerify you are not robot?ConfirmWarning!×Close"
