"Jobs in Bossier City | JobslogJobsCompaniesPost a JobPost a ResumeResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsCompaniesPost a JobPost a ResumeResume SearchPricingBlogModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs14 jobs found in Bossier CityRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisAdministrative AssociateAdecco Staffing Bossier City, LA, USAAdecco is currently assisting a local client in recruiting for Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA These Administrative Associate jobs are long term opportunities with starting pay rates that will depend on your level of experience. For instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs, Apply Now! Administrative Associate jobs require candidates to:+ Taking phone calls+ Greeting clients and visitors+ Managing files and updating paperwork+ Performing other general office clerk duties as needed Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Administrative Associate jobs:+ High School Diploma or GED+ 1-2 years of related experience+ Intermediate computer skills+ Knowledge of Microsoft Office+ Strong data entry skills+ Professional attitude Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering...Jan 23, 2021Full timeAdecco is currently assisting a local client in recruiting for Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA These Administrative Associate jobs are long term opportunities with starting pay rates that will depend on your level of experience. For instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs, Apply Now! Administrative Associate jobs require candidates to:+ Taking phone calls+ Greeting clients and visitors+ Managing files and updating paperwork+ Performing other general office clerk duties as needed Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Administrative Associate jobs:+ High School Diploma or GED+ 1-2 years of related experience+ Intermediate computer skills+ Knowledge of Microsoft Office+ Strong data entry skills+ Professional attitude Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering...Army Bandperson (42R)Army National Guard Bossier City, LA, USAThis is a job where you can rock out, chill out with few cool jazz numbers, or rouse the crowd as part of a marching band. If you're into music, make it into a career as a member of the Army National Guard band. As an Army Bandperson, you'll perform in a variety of environments, ranging from ceremonial band to jazz band to small ensembles, playing all styles of music, while specializing in one (or more) of the following instruments: tuba, trombone, euphonium, bassoon, electric bass guitar, saxophone, flute or piccolo, oboe, clarinet, French horn, percussion, cornet or trumpet, guitar, and keyboard. The Bandperson is primarily responsible for performing and rehearsing as a professional musician within different ensembles of an Army Band. In order to qualify for a position with the Army band, you must pass one or more auditions. Job Duties * Perform in all musical styles on your instruments, including (but not limited to): marching band, ceremonial band, concert band, classical,...Jan 22, 2021Full timeThis is a job where you can rock out, chill out with few cool jazz numbers, or rouse the crowd as part of a marching band. If you're into music, make it into a career as a member of the Army National Guard band. As an Army Bandperson, you'll perform in a variety of environments, ranging from ceremonial band to jazz band to small ensembles, playing all styles of music, while specializing in one (or more) of the following instruments: tuba, trombone, euphonium, bassoon, electric bass guitar, saxophone, flute or piccolo, oboe, clarinet, French horn, percussion, cornet or trumpet, guitar, and keyboard. The Bandperson is primarily responsible for performing and rehearsing as a professional musician within different ensembles of an Army Band. In order to qualify for a position with the Army band, you must pass one or more auditions. Job Duties * Perform in all musical styles on your instruments, including (but not limited to): marching band, ceremonial band, concert band, classical,...Work from Home - Entry Level Sales Representatives - $20.00 base-appt.Vector Marketing Bossier City, LA, USAVector Marketing is currently holding virtual interviews for entry level sales rep positions. Our representatives have an opportunity to work from home selling Cutco products through one on one appointments that emphasizes customer service. Experience is not necessary because our online training is designed to help people do well immediately - as long as someone is willing to learn, they can be successful.\\nWe provide flexible schedules for anyone looking to make some extra income.\\nWhat we offer:\\n \\n Excellent pay - $20.00 base-appt (not based on sales or results), commissions available based on performance. Paid weekly.\\n Solid training - we teach our reps how to do well in this role before they start, and offer continued support and additional training as time goes on.\\n Flexible scheduling - we help our reps create a schedule that works for them. Some work as much as possible while others choose to be super part time around other commitments such as online classes,...Jan 20, 2021Vector Marketing is currently holding virtual interviews for entry level sales rep positions. Our representatives have an opportunity to work from home selling Cutco products through one on one appointments that emphasizes customer service. Experience is not necessary because our online training is designed to help people do well immediately - as long as someone is willing to learn, they can be successful.\\nWe provide flexible schedules for anyone looking to make some extra income.\\nWhat we offer:\\n \\n Excellent pay - $20.00 base-appt (not based on sales or results), commissions available based on performance. Paid weekly.\\n Solid training - we teach our reps how to do well in this role before they start, and offer continued support and additional training as time goes on.\\n Flexible scheduling - we help our reps create a schedule that works for them. Some work as much as possible while others choose to be super part time around other commitments such as online classes,...Work at Home MomHome Life Career Bossier City, LA, USAWe are looking for dedicated people who are passionate about helping others live their best life through a journey of nutrition, health, and overall wellness. If you have a passion for helping others, this is a great opportunity to get that career change you've been craving. We provide world class training to the right individuals. All you need is a mobile phone, reliable computer and access to the internet. This is a work at home opportunity that offers flexibility. PERKS AND COMPENSATION • Get Paid Daily, Weekly, and Monthly • Award trips are available to earn • Work from anywhere and anytime you want • Career advancement opportunities • Opportunity to earn free health products • Opportunity to get healthy, feel great, or get your sexy back • Meet amazing people and get more out of life! • Work from home, anytime, anywhereJan 20, 2021We are looking for dedicated people who are passionate about helping others live their best life through a journey of nutrition, health, and overall wellness. If you have a passion for helping others, this is a great opportunity to get that career change you've been craving. We provide world class training to the right individuals. All you need is a mobile phone, reliable computer and access to the internet. This is a work at home opportunity that offers flexibility. PERKS AND COMPENSATION • Get Paid Daily, Weekly, and Monthly • Award trips are available to earn • Work from anywhere and anytime you want • Career advancement opportunities • Opportunity to earn free health products • Opportunity to get healthy, feel great, or get your sexy back • Meet amazing people and get more out of life! • Work from home, anytime, anywhereLifestyle Consultant - Work from HomeHome Life Career Bossier City, LA, USAWe are looking for dedicated people who are passionate about helping others live their best life through a journey of nutrition, health, and overall wellness. If you have a passion for helping others, this is a great opportunity to get that career change you've been craving. We provide world class training to the right individuals. All you need is a mobile phone, reliable computer and access to the internet. This is a work at home opportunity that offers flexibility. PERKS AND COMPENSATION • Get Paid Daily, Weekly, and Monthly • Award trips are available to earn • Work from anywhere and anytime you want • Career advancement opportunities • Opportunity to earn free health products • Opportunity to get healthy, feel great, or get your sexy back • Meet amazing people and get more out of life! • Work from home, anytime, anywhereJan 20, 2021We are looking for dedicated people who are passionate about helping others live their best life through a journey of nutrition, health, and overall wellness. If you have a passion for helping others, this is a great opportunity to get that career change you've been craving. We provide world class training to the right individuals. All you need is a mobile phone, reliable computer and access to the internet. This is a work at home opportunity that offers flexibility. PERKS AND COMPENSATION • Get Paid Daily, Weekly, and Monthly • Award trips are available to earn • Work from anywhere and anytime you want • Career advancement opportunities • Opportunity to earn free health products • Opportunity to get healthy, feel great, or get your sexy back • Meet amazing people and get more out of life! • Work from home, anytime, anywhereRetail Merchandise StockerO'Reilly Auto Parts Bossier City, LA, USAOur Retail Merchandise Stockers create and maintain the visual presentation of the sales floor. They will stock merchandise according to company planograms and greet customers on the sales floor. The ideal candidates will partner with store management on creating, building and maintaining displays including product distribution, shelving, and pricing. Qualifications Take pride in delivering excellent customer service Good aptitude for dealing with number sequences Available to work flexible work schedule Thrive in a busy, fast-paced retail environment Excellent verbal and written communication skillsBenefitsAll full time team members are eligible for a benefits package that is designed to offer convenience and security to our team members and their families. Programs, resources and benefit eligibility varies based on employment status, average hours worked, location and length of service. For detailed benefits info, please click here or type in your browser.Jan 20, 2021Our Retail Merchandise Stockers create and maintain the visual presentation of the sales floor. They will stock merchandise according to company planograms and greet customers on the sales floor. The ideal candidates will partner with store management on creating, building and maintaining displays including product distribution, shelving, and pricing. Qualifications Take pride in delivering excellent customer service Good aptitude for dealing with number sequences Available to work flexible work schedule Thrive in a busy, fast-paced retail environment Excellent verbal and written communication skillsBenefitsAll full time team members are eligible for a benefits package that is designed to offer convenience and security to our team members and their families. Programs, resources and benefit eligibility varies based on employment status, average hours worked, location and length of service. For detailed benefits info, please click here or type in your browser.Administrative AssistantAdecco USA Bossier City, LA, USAYou landing a new Administrative Assistant job in Bossier City, LA would be pretty good, BUT you landing a new Administrative Assistant job with US would be simply AWESOME! It can happen, because we're looking for long term Administrative Assistants to join the amazing team at our client site. Here's a preview of what you'll be working on as a Administrative Assistant: Working in an office environment, you'll be making the magic happen by handling clerical tasks Taking phone calls Greeting clients and visitors Managing files and updating paperwork Performing other general office clerk duties as needed INTERESTED??? Here's what it takes to apply: High School Diploma or GED 1-2 years of related experience Intermediate computer skills Knowledge of Microsoft Office Strong data entry skills Professional attitude Above all, you've got to be reliable. If you're ready to go at the start of each shift, you're A-OK in our book! These Administrative Assistant jobs may require some...Jan 18, 2021Full timeYou landing a new Administrative Assistant job in Bossier City, LA would be pretty good, BUT you landing a new Administrative Assistant job with US would be simply AWESOME! It can happen, because we're looking for long term Administrative Assistants to join the amazing team at our client site. Here's a preview of what you'll be working on as a Administrative Assistant: Working in an office environment, you'll be making the magic happen by handling clerical tasks Taking phone calls Greeting clients and visitors Managing files and updating paperwork Performing other general office clerk duties as needed INTERESTED??? Here's what it takes to apply: High School Diploma or GED 1-2 years of related experience Intermediate computer skills Knowledge of Microsoft Office Strong data entry skills Professional attitude Above all, you've got to be reliable. If you're ready to go at the start of each shift, you're A-OK in our book! These Administrative Assistant jobs may require some...CookHealthcare Services Group, Inc. Bossier City, LA, USACook US-LA-BOSSIER CITY Requisition ID: 245 Shift: Day Shifts & Night Shifts Overview Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) typically services long term care and nursing facilities and is now hiring a Cook in your area! HCSG has a custom, state of the art training program! Position Summary Utilizes protective gear in all appropriate functions The Cook prepares and serves food including texture modified and therapeutic diets according to the facility menu. Prepares food in accordance with current applicable federal, state, and local standards, guidelines and regulations, in line with our established policies and procedures, and, as may be directed by the Dining Services Director or Chef, to ensure that quality food service is provided at all times. The Cook assists in assuring proper receiving, storage, preparation, serving, sanitation, and cleaning procedures are followed. The Cook must be detail-oriented, well-groomed, act professionally and must be a team...Jan 15, 2021Full timeCook US-LA-BOSSIER CITY Requisition ID: 245 Shift: Day Shifts & Night Shifts Overview Healthcare Services Group (HCSG) typically services long term care and nursing facilities and is now hiring a Cook in your area! HCSG has a custom, state of the art training program! Position Summary Utilizes protective gear in all appropriate functions The Cook prepares and serves food including texture modified and therapeutic diets according to the facility menu. Prepares food in accordance with current applicable federal, state, and local standards, guidelines and regulations, in line with our established policies and procedures, and, as may be directed by the Dining Services Director or Chef, to ensure that quality food service is provided at all times. The Cook assists in assuring proper receiving, storage, preparation, serving, sanitation, and cleaning procedures are followed. The Cook must be detail-oriented, well-groomed, act professionally and must be a team...FedEx Ground Team Driver (CDL-A)Blackburn Transportation Group Bossier City, LA, USATired of driving for the small companies without benefits and old equipment. Come join one of the largest contractors in the nation with over 30 years experience! We currently have 65 trucks running strong and we employ over 100 truck drivers! We offer... Weekly home time Weekly direct deposit Health, vision, dental Free Life Benefit Package 2020 Volvo's with double bunk sleeper, full-size refrigerator, and leather seats! 1 per week FedEx Ground Team Drivers We run terminal to terminal long haul with 100% NO TOUCH FREIGHT all trips are drop and hook from Tuesday-Saturday! Minimum Requirements: Valid Class A License/with doubles endorsement 1 year of verifiable truck driving experience All applicants must have 1 year driving experience with a clean driving record and background.Jan 15, 2021Full timeTired of driving for the small companies without benefits and old equipment. Come join one of the largest contractors in the nation with over 30 years experience! We currently have 65 trucks running strong and we employ over 100 truck drivers! We offer... Weekly home time Weekly direct deposit Health, vision, dental Free Life Benefit Package 2020 Volvo's with double bunk sleeper, full-size refrigerator, and leather seats! 1 per week FedEx Ground Team Drivers We run terminal to terminal long haul with 100% NO TOUCH FREIGHT all trips are drop and hook from Tuesday-Saturday! Minimum Requirements: Valid Class A License/with doubles endorsement 1 year of verifiable truck driving experience All applicants must have 1 year driving experience with a clean driving record and background.Health & WellnessWalmart Bossier City, LA, USAWhat you'll do Do you want to help people and make a difference? Our pharmacy technicians are dedicated to providing quality care to patients when they need it most. Are you interested in helping people see better? Make someone's day by helping them choose the perfect set of glasses. Duties and Responsibilities Pharmacy Assist and check out customers with prescriptions and over the counter medication questions Vision Center Assist and check out customers with glasses and contacts #storejobs About Walmart At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability-and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries-all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your...Jan 15, 2021Full timeWhat you'll do Do you want to help people and make a difference? Our pharmacy technicians are dedicated to providing quality care to patients when they need it most. Are you interested in helping people see better? Make someone's day by helping them choose the perfect set of glasses. Duties and Responsibilities Pharmacy Assist and check out customers with prescriptions and over the counter medication questions Vision Center Assist and check out customers with glasses and contacts #storejobs About Walmart At Walmart, we help people save money so they can live better. This mission serves as the foundation for every decision we make, from responsible sourcing to sustainability-and everything in between. As a Walmart associate, you will play an integral role in shaping the future of retail, tech, merchandising, finance and hundreds of other industries-all while affecting the lives of millions of customers all over the world. Here, your...SalepersonAdvance Auto Parts Bossier City, LA, USAJob Description We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. What is a Salesperson? Entry level sales position capable of supporting the DIY business and achieve our sales and service objectives. The role has good knowledge of store systems, basic automotive system knowledge and basic part knowledge. The role has the basic ability to source from stores, hubs, pdq, and external suppliers. The role has in-depth knowledge of the store inventory and maintenance processes. Position can be part time or full time. Fleet safety certification preferred. Primary Responsibilities Provide excellent selling experience for DIY customer visits and phone calls Achieve personal sales goal and help store achieve its...Jan 11, 2021Full timeJob Description We are an Equal Opportunity Employer and do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of race, color, sex, age national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, status as a veteran and basis of disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. What is a Salesperson? Entry level sales position capable of supporting the DIY business and achieve our sales and service objectives. The role has good knowledge of store systems, basic automotive system knowledge and basic part knowledge. The role has the basic ability to source from stores, hubs, pdq, and external suppliers. The role has in-depth knowledge of the store inventory and maintenance processes. Position can be part time or full time. Fleet safety certification preferred. Primary Responsibilities Provide excellent selling experience for DIY customer visits and phone calls Achieve personal sales goal and help store achieve its...Administrative AssociateAdecco USA Bossier City, LA, USAAdecco is currently assisting a local client in recruiting for Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA These Administrative Associate jobs are long term opportunities with starting pay rates that will depend on your level of experience. For instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs, Apply Now! Administrative Associate jobs require candidates to: Taking phone calls Greeting clients and visitors Managing files and updating paperwork Performing other general office clerk duties as needed Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Administrative Associate jobs: High School Diploma or GED 1-2 years of related experience Intermediate computer skills Knowledge of Microsoft Office Strong data entry skills Professional attitude Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering...Jan 07, 2021Full timeAdecco is currently assisting a local client in recruiting for Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA These Administrative Associate jobs are long term opportunities with starting pay rates that will depend on your level of experience. For instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs, Apply Now! Administrative Associate jobs require candidates to: Taking phone calls Greeting clients and visitors Managing files and updating paperwork Performing other general office clerk duties as needed Candidates must meet the following requirements to be considered for Administrative Associate jobs: High School Diploma or GED 1-2 years of related experience Intermediate computer skills Knowledge of Microsoft Office Strong data entry skills Professional attitude Click on apply now for instant consideration for these Administrative Associate jobs in Bossier City, LA! Adecco is committed to the health and safety of our applicants and employees. We are offering...Registered Nurse - RN - FT Days - 10K Bonus!Cornerstone Healthcare Group Bossier City, LA, USAAbout Us Cornerstone Healthcare Group, based in Dallas, Texas, was founded in 1990 and provides excellent healthcare services to our patients, residents and their families. Our employees make a difference, join us so you can too! We pride ourselves on our quality of care, responsive service, and commitment to excellence. We treat each employee, patient and resident like we would a member of our own family, and measure our success by the direct impact we have on improving the quality of life for our employees, patients and residents. Responsibilities: The Registered Nurse is responsible for the direct and indirect nursing care of all patients ranging in age from 18 years to geriatric experiencing medically complex conditions, general medical-surgical conditions, with rehabilitation and/or wound care needs. The Registered Nurse (RN) duties include: The overall direction and supervision of all patient care during his/her shift. Demonstrates the knowledge and...Jan 06, 2021Full timeAbout Us Cornerstone Healthcare Group, based in Dallas, Texas, was founded in 1990 and provides excellent healthcare services to our patients, residents and their families. Our employees make a difference, join us so you can too! We pride ourselves on our quality of care, responsive service, and commitment to excellence. We treat each employee, patient and resident like we would a member of our own family, and measure our success by the direct impact we have on improving the quality of life for our employees, patients and residents. Responsibilities: The Registered Nurse is responsible for the direct and indirect nursing care of all patients ranging in age from 18 years to geriatric experiencing medically complex conditions, general medical-surgical conditions, with rehabilitation and/or wound care needs. The Registered Nurse (RN) duties include: The overall direction and supervision of all patient care during his/her shift. Demonstrates the knowledge and...In-Home Usage Tester (Product Tester from home) Part-timeAmerican Consumer Panels Bossier City, LA, USAAmerican Consumer Panels®, located at One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton St., Suite 8500 New York, NY, 10007, is looking to fill the position listed below (nationwide): In-Home Usage Tester (Product Tester from home) Part-time Presently we're recruiting Product Testers (from home) in several US cities to expand our private network of In-Home Usage Testers (IHUT) to fulfill upcoming contracts with national and international companies. We guarantee 15-20 hours per week with an hourly pay of between $25/hr. and $45/hr., depending on the In-Home Usage Test project. No experience required. American Consumer Panels® is a consulting firm that specializes in product testing and product development work. We design and conduct In-Home Usage Testing (IHUT) locally and nationally to provide actual user feedback to companies and market research firms to evaluate products, packaging, related product instructions and more. We leverage our network of private panels (In-Home Usage...Jan 05, 2021American Consumer Panels®, located at One World Trade Center, 285 Fulton St., Suite 8500 New York, NY, 10007, is looking to fill the position listed below (nationwide): In-Home Usage Tester (Product Tester from home) Part-time Presently we're recruiting Product Testers (from home) in several US cities to expand our private network of In-Home Usage Testers (IHUT) to fulfill upcoming contracts with national and international companies. We guarantee 15-20 hours per week with an hourly pay of between $25/hr. and $45/hr., depending on the In-Home Usage Test project. No experience required. American Consumer Panels® is a consulting firm that specializes in product testing and product development work. We design and conduct In-Home Usage Testing (IHUT) locally and nationally to provide actual user feedback to companies and market research firms to evaluate products, packaging, related product instructions and more. We leverage our network of private panels (In-Home Usage...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn© 2008-2021 Powered by Computerlog"
