"Henry CavillEveryday ThingsSample PageRSSHenry CavillJan 18, 2016Batman V Superman the next trailerI have to tell you that number two trailer from the upcoming Batman V Superman movie is great. The two biggest gladiators in history as Lex Luthor is instructed to say.So when he says it and the trailer runs the battle between Batman and Superman or what we think is a battle between the two, I think of the two giants in a new written story, the introduction of Superman alongside the DC Universe.The new trailer is more into the story or sets up new angles on the actors, I believe it is the purpose of a trailer, to make a micro movie and tease people.I noticed when I saw the little short scene with Lois Lane and Lex Luthor. Lois says that he is a psychopath, and she has got that angle perfect by expressing it in her face; you are a psychopath, where to Lex answersLex Luthor does the triangle with his eyes when speaking to Lois as Zack Snyder has instructed. What I find amazing is that the language of our body and especially by actors, that they are instructed to do it, and a certain way.It is the writer of the movie that sits with a vision a mental movie, he or she has this created story inside their head, and better yet, they use intelligent imagination and perception to write angles. The director of course reads the story. He imagines what a story could be like when the film is on-screen and what the actors should be like, how to move.Let me just rewind for a second. The Lex and Lois scene where Lex points his eyes, in the trailer if you have noticed he shapes a triangle, that is illustrated when he points his eyes from the upper left to the upper right, then back to upper left and then having eye contact with Lois.I do not know what happens right after, but I guess, sanity and insanity meets in one person, where then it also lies in the specific person’s attitude to express certain things. Jesse Eisenberg had a certain attitude to it, just like Henry Cavill can show a character, and Ben Affleck has the anger and height, I believe you know what I mean.Henning Uncategorized 0 Amy Adams, Bat-Signal, Batman, Batman Begins, Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot, Henry Cavill, Jesse Eisenberg, Lex Luthor, LexCorp, Lois Lane, Superman, Zack Snyder	Apr 29, 2015Superman the false godIf people looked to the sky and People’s discovery of a so-called god, I do not want to offend anyone, but it gives me time to express why and what. Who is this shadow that flies and has powers beyond reason? In the trailer for the upcoming Supermovie, Batman v Superman, I am thinking they are going to team up and work together because I have grown up with both of them as good men. Specifically in the trailer it was shown on a big statue; false god, and I see what people mean, because Zack, the director, has put himself in a position where one must be evil or mad, then if people actually saw one with flying, heatsight, blowing winds and what else they have included.The question then arises in a minority of people and that changes the perception of what people see in the things they ask for. What should he do as Man of Steel now is a man, the amusing question that popped up in my mind after watching the trailer – yes, what should the Man of Steel do as he can do the things he can do because if the world was left for itself and we stopped various stuff, then he would go out of work, therefore we have to create various things to use his abilities, you see where I am getting at right?If someone questioned all the time, what should he do, and Superman would listen, then with the vocabulary might change something in him as he would use it as feedback, so the actual story written by Zack and Christopher, is most likely more real, that everybody knows and have seen what he can do and not what he should do. Why did we create a Man of Steel, a Superman, a humanlike alien to protect us from what?Henning Uncategorized 0 Batman, Batman Begins, Christopher Nolan, David S. Goyer, Entertainment Weekly, Gal Gadot, Henry Cavill, Justice (DC Comics), Superman, Zack Snyder	Apr 29, 2015Batman v Superman teaserI have a current passion for human potential and that is resulting in me looking for the details of what actors are hired to say in their lines in a movie, and this batman v superman is no exception. When the movie’s director Zack Snyder he tweeted a link to the teaser for next year’s upcoming movie I instantly entered to see it, and it was more awesome than the previous one. What awoken me the most was to see a giant statue of superman, with the sign saying; false god and Lex Luthor’s voice; we know better now, devil’s don’t come from hell beneath us, they come from the sky. Man of steel is questioned what he should do instead of what people are focused on, that what he can do.In the trailer we see Batman gets awaken anger and envy, or close to it, and I believe it is his butler Jeremy Irons who speak so well that I am amused by it. “That’s how it starts; the fever, the rage, that turns good men. Cruel”. I mean just the way he says it, put my anticipation up. the trailer is focused on Bruce Wayne’s look and we assume he is looking at his bat-costume, the dark knight. That focused desire for expressing the envy, the rage, the anger. On the other hand, the solution is wanted and I think he searches for that in the long run.As the trailer shows only Bruce Wayne and not Batman and Superman and the sign, “a false God” we are believed that someone accuses Man of Steel as being the false one, so where my curiosity is since we see they are facing each other psychologically, what is your opinion? And I mean back before our millennium changed in number, we often saw both Batman and Superman as only good guys, but what if one of them has turned bad?Henning Uncategorized 1 anger, Ben Affleck, cool, envy, Gal Gadot, god, Henry Cavill, Jesse Eisenberg, Lex Luthor, potential, Zack Snyder	↑Everyday Things© Everyday Things 2021Powered by WordPress • Themify WordPress ThemesSkip to toolbarActivityMembersSitesGroupsForumsRewardsProductsLog InSearch"
