"Heroes Jobs Hires HR Veteran Daniel Sullivan, as VP of Sales - WorkologySkip to main contentSkip to primary sidebarHomeLEARNINGFREE TRIAL UPSKILL HRUPSKILL HRACE THE HR EXAMACE THE HR EXAM AUDIOHR PRACTICE TESTSHOPPodcastWorkology PodcastGo PodcastAboutContactSpeakingEventsSIGN INHeroes Jobs Hires HR Veteran Daniel Sullivan, as VP of Sales	Nov 12, 2020	| By	Jessica Miller-Merrell	| HR	With everyone working remotely and from home video is hot, even for hiring and recruiting. While COVID 19 has altered the way we work and communicate, it has also encouraged process efficiencies.Cyriac and the Heroes Jobs team have collaborated with me, and I’m excited to introduce you to them and their unique high volume video hiring tool. I hosted the Diversity & Inclusion Conference with them last month and next week, they are announcing their new VP of Sales hire. I’d love to introduce you to the Heroes Jobs team (www.heroes.jobs).You can reach out to them directly at cyriac@heroes.jobs. The work they are doing right now is helping to improve communication. Companies want to get their message across faster in order to motivate the right job seekers; candidates want to showcase their personality more authentically in order to bear the flag of their next employer more heartily. I’m happy to connect them with you as well. Simply reply to this email or call Cycriac at 415-758-8976.Heroes Jobs Hires HR Veteran Daniel Sullivan, as VP of SalesHeroes Jobs, the best-selling high-volume interactive video recruiting and branding platform, accelerates its growth and expansionSan Francisco, CA, November 10, 2020 – Heroes Jobs, the enterprise high-volume hiring video recruiting and branding platform, is very pleased to announce that HR Veteran Daniel Sullivan will join the company as Vice President of Sales and Client Success. Sullivan’s responsibilities will encompass scaling Heroes Jobs’ impact, developing new channels, and assisting organizations to leverage the full power of video at a time when physical distancing makes it more urgent than ever for job seekers and companies to build an authentic connection.“I am excited to join the Heroes Jobs team and help them to build on the solid foundation they have developed over just a few years,” Sullivan says. “Heroes Jobs provides Gen Z and millions of new ‘zoomers’ with an opportunity to engage with potential employers comfortably, in a safe and interactive manner. After two decades in an industry, I have developed a passion for assisting companies recruit talent from a wide range of diverse backgrounds. This offering sparks my passion for this space. The Heroes Jobs interface is intuitive and effective for recruiters and candidates and because of its exceptional underlying technology, it’s easy to deploy at a large scale and economical.While COVID 19 has altered the way we work and communicate, it has also encouraged process efficiencies: Companies want to get their message across faster in order to motivate the right job seekers; candidates want to showcase their personality more authentically in order to bear the flag of their next employer more heartily. “The candidate experience that starts when they first connect with a company is often determinative of how employees will feel engaged and committed, even and maybe especially in high-volume and often lower-paying jobs,” Cyriac Lefort, CEO of Heroes Jobs says. The video profiles that Heroes Jobs allows applicants to submit reflect who they are while displaying how customers will perceive them, and they enable managers to quickly assess the applicants’ soft skills and demeanor.Heroes Jobs is accelerating its national rollout and is proud to welcome Dan Sullivan. “Dan does not only bring 20 years of sales experience and leadership to our company,” Lefort adds. “He also brings deep expertise in a complex human space that he has acquired during the most prosperous years of Monster, and later, at Professional Diversity Network, where he demonstrated an exemplary mastery of the challenges encountered by organizations as they strive to deliver on their equity, diversity and inclusion goals. Also, Dan’s well-known reputation for taking remarkable care of customers is invaluable to us. We don’t simply sell software: We want to continue to offer a high-quality experience to recruiters.”ABOUT HEROES JOBSHow can companies combine high-volume hiring, provide the participative style that GenZ expects in the TikTok and Instagram era, and relieve recruiters of the cumbersome task of combing through hundreds of nondescript resumes of job seekers who might not even show up when contacted? How can we make the job application process more personal, more sociable, while making it faster and more cost-effective? These are the questions that the founders of Heroes Jobs, Tristan Petit, Adrien Dewulf, and Cyriac Lefort wanted to address when they designed the platform. Their solution has now been adopted by hundreds of customers because it is clear and elegant: 1) Applicants find out which companies are hiring in their area and watch the short videos they have uploaded to learn what working there entails; 2) Applicants create their own video profile and record their answers to the hiring company’s questions in less than 60 seconds; 3) Recruiters can sift through applicants’ profiles to assess their soft skills to see how well they might represent the brand and come across to customers; 4) Applicants and recruiters can interact by whatever means they chose; 5) Downloading and learning how to use Heroes Jobs take minutes for both candidates and recruiters; and 6) The platform’s comprehensive reports on all activities and interactions easily integrate with companies’ traditional infrastructures. To learn more, visit Heroes.Jobs/employers.Media Contact:Heroes Jobs IncCyriac Lefortcyriac@heroes.jobs415-758-8976Post navigation← Join Our #HRTech Directory: Background Check CompaniesEp 253: How Diversity and Inclusion Can Drive Team Performance →Posted in HRJessica Miller-MerrellJessica Miller-Merrell (@jmillermerrell) is a workplace change agent, author and consultant focused on human resources and talent acquisition living in Austin, TX. Recognized by Forbes as a top 50 social media influencer and is a global speaker. She’s the founder of Workology, a workplace HR resource and host of the Workology Podcast.Reader InteractionsLeave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *CommentName *Email *WebsiteSearchON AIR WITH WORKOLOGYCopyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group.ContributingAdvertisingDisclaimerPressPin It on Pinterest"
