"Jobs for Veterans, Veteran Job Board | GiJobs.com - Oracle Site Reliability Engineer, JoinOCI-SDE in Nashua, New Hampshire, United StatesJobs for Veterans, Veteran Job Board | GiJobs.comSkip to Main ContentPost JobsFind the Post-Military Career You're Looking ForSearch Jobs and Apply Today!city, state, countryjob title, keywordsmilitary job title or codeEmployers: Interested in posting all of your jobs?G.I. Jobs can help you find the top leading veteran talent that you're searching for. Post Jobs!Job InformationOracle Site Reliability Engineer, JoinOCI-SDE in Nashua, New HampshireSolve complex problems related to infrastructure cloud services and build automation to prevent problem recurrence. Design, write, and deploy software to improve the availability, scalability, and efficiency of Oracle products and services. Design and develop designs, architectures, standards, and methods for large-scale distributed systems. Facilitate service capacity planning and demand forecasting, software performance analysis, and system tuning.Work with Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) team on the shared full stack ownership of a collection of services and/or technology areas. Understand the end-to-end configuration, technical dependencies, and overall behavioral characteristics of production services. Responsible for the design and delivery of the mission critical stack, with focus on security, resiliency, scale, and performance. Authority for end-to-end performance and operability. Partner with development teams in defining and implementing improvements in service architecture. Articulate technical characteristics of services and technology areas and guide Development Teams to engineer and add premier capabilities to the Oracle Cloud service portfolio. Understand and communicate the scale, capacity, security, performance attributes, and requirements of the service and technology stack. Demonstrate clear understanding of automation and orchestration principles. Act as ultimate escalation point for complex or critical issues that have not yet been documented as Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs). Utilize a deep understanding of service topology and their dependencies required to troubleshoot issues and define mitigations. Understand and explain the affect of product architecture decisions on distributed systems. Professional curiosity and a desire to a develop deep understanding of services and technologies.A BS or MS in Computer Science, or equivalent. Identifies solutions to knowledge of server hardware and software configuration, networking, standard internet services, scripting languages, cloud computing patterns, technology security and compliance. Experience running large scale customer facing web services. Identifies solutions to understanding of load balancing technologies and experience with development in programming languages, databases and big data stores, and container technologies. Work involves defining and documenting technical architecture of complex and highly scalable products. A minimum of 5 years experience of running large scale customer facing web services.Oracle is an Affirmative Action-Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veterans status, age, or any other characteristic protected by law./At Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI), we build the future of the cloud for Enterprises as a diverse team of fellow creators and inventors. We act with the speed and attitude of a start-up, with the scale and customer-focus of the leading enterprise software company in the world.//Values are OCI’s foundation and how we deliver excellence. We strive for equity, inclusion, and respect for all. We are committed to the greater good in our products and our actions. We are constantly learning and taking opportunities to grow our careers and ourselves. We challenge each other to stretch beyond our past to build our future.//You are the builder here. You will be part of a team of really smart, motivated, and diverse people and given the autonomy and support to do your best work. It is a dynamic and flexible workplace where you’ll belong and be encouraged./The Oracle Cloud Infrastructure (OCI) team can provide you the opportunity to build and operate a suite of massive scale, integrated cloud services in a broadly distributed, multi-tenant cloud environment. OCI is committed to providing the best in cloud products that meet the needs of our customers who are tackling some of the world’s biggest challenges.We offer unique opportunities for smart, hands-on engineers with the expertise and passion to solve difficult problems in distributed highly available services and virtualized infrastructure. At every level, our engineers have a significant technical and business impact designing and building innovative new systems to power our customer’s business critical applications.As a Site Reliability Engineer, you will be ready to take responsibility for all dimensions of application reliability – including availability, performance, efficiency, change management, monitoring, emergency response, and scope/capacity planning. Your team will have diverse expertise in systems, networking, and software development to provide the stability, performance and reliability our customers need. You will build tools to address hard operational problems while enabling our service developers to remain agile and deliver feature changes. You will deliver the solutions that directly contribute to our customer’s success. You have a passion for details and an investigative nature, and understand when and why things are working - or not working - as they should. Your interest goes beyond understanding everything about the supported application, you're curious about the potential of next-generation technologies and architectures.Your preferred qualifications are:Proficient with Python, Ruby, Perl, or JavaDeep knowledge of Networking Services (TCP and UDP based, DNS, DHCP)Familiar with datacenter network routing protocolsDeep knowledge of Linux and host based networkingExpert Linux performance and stability troubleshooting skillsFamiliarity with configuration management solutions such as Chef, Puppet, Cfengine, etc.5 years of systems administration on 100 server environments2 years managing host virtualization technologies (KVM, Containers, Docker, etc)Job: *Product DevelopmentOrganization: *OracleTitle: Site Reliability Engineer, JoinOCI-SDELocation: United StatesRequisition ID: 200011I0Apply NowOracleOracle JobsApply NowCurrent Search CriteriaOracleSite Reliability Engineer, JoinO...NashuaNew HampshireClear AllOur mission is to simplify the military transition experience using education and employment tools and resources to guide you to a successful career.© 2001– G.I. JobsLinksAbout UsContact UsAdvertise With UsPress ReleasesCopyright G.I. Jobs | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use - The appearance of U.S. Department of Defense (DoD) visual information does not imply or constitute DoD endorsement.Facebook"
