"ICE PatrolToggle navigationICE PatrolAll All LinkedIn Name Job Title Summary Description Degree Start Date End Date Timestamp Company Location Job Location Industry Current Position School Attended Field of Study Data Source Collection Search Term-toSubmit DocumentsInfoRaw DataDataset DescriptionSelect Filter CategoriesCompanyB3 Solutions, LLC (2)LocationWashington D.C. Metro Area (2)IndustryGovernment Relations (2)Current PositionNo (2)Filtered ByB3 Solutions, LLC XCompany [filter]No XCurrent Position [filter]Washington D.C. Metro Area XLocation [filter]Results2 Total0.0Demetirus CookLinkedInExceedingly competent Contract Specialist with 8 years of experience in contract closeout and acquisitions. Highly detailed-oriented with the ability to work independently on multiple projects simultaneously. Dedicated to providing innovative procedures to efficiently and effectively process complex acquisitions that result in government cost savings. Deliver excellent leadership skills when managing individuals of diverse backgrounds to guarantee customer satisfaction. Possess an immense amount of knowledge in the principles of contracting, specifically the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) to ensure a successful outcome when engaging in business activities with contractors. Acquired a Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration with a minor in Acquisitions and Contract Management. Currently, pursuing a Masters of Business Administration with a minor in Acquisitions and a Federal Acquisition Certification (FAC-C) Level 1 certification contracting.B3 Solutions, LLCWashington D.C. Metro AreaGovernment RelationsNoTeam Lead of Contract CloseoutStart Date: 2011-11-01 End Date: 2015-04-01•	Provide leadership, technical support, and direction to contract closeout team tasked with completing a variety of contract closeouts such as IDIQ’s, Cost Plus Fixed Fee’s, Cost Reimbursable, Cost Sharing, Time and Materials, Labor Hour, Firm Fixed Price, Fixed Price, Sole Source, Task Orders, Delivery Orders, Purchase Orders, Interagency Agreements, Simplified Acquisition Procedures, Blanket Purchase Agreements, De-obligations and Undelivered Obligations (UDO’S). •	Evaluate contracts, subcontracts, and invoice information to ensure closeout documentation and packages are submitted to the government in compliance with DCMA/DCAA, FAR, and contractual terms and conditions and audit requirements •	Perform cost analysis by reconciling contract funding obligations and expenditures within the government’s financial system. •	Prepare and suspend final vouchers for submission to the payment office. •	Audit contractor’s cost proposals to determine indirect, direct, allocable, allowable, and unallowable costs. •	Read and interpret contract terms and conditions including indirect cost rate agreements and audit reports. •	Apply contractors’ indirect cost rates to their indirect costs categories (overhead, g&a) to determine accurate indirect costs data. •	Assist the Contracting Officer in negotiating Quick Closeouts in accordance with FAR 42.708 •	Submit contractual data in Federal Procurement Data System (FPDS), Comprehensive Acquisition Management System (CAMS) Departmental Contracts Information System (DCIS) to finalize closeout actions. •	Attend and conduct meetings with the Contracting Officer, Contracting Officer Representative, Division Directors, and management pertaining to contract closeout. •	Conduct interviews of potential employees and conduct yearly performance evaluations of current employees. •	Create and distribute monthly reports to the Contracting Officer and management, which capture closeout numbers, deobligation amounts, challenges, and procedures.Contract Closeout SpecialistStart Date: 2010-11-01 End Date: 2011-11-01•	Workload required closing over 2,000 inactive contracts (dated 1990 to 2010) and all current/future contracts for Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS). •	Reviewed expired contracts and task orders to determine their type, contract limitations, contract periods, types of costs, legal status, indirect rates and ceilings when applicable. •	Verified accuracy of contractors’ indirect cost rate agreements. •	Read and interpret contract terms and conditions including indirect cost rate agreements and audit reports. •	Applied contractors’ indirect cost rates to their indirect costs categories (overhead, g&a) to determine accurate indirect costs data. •	Verified contractors’ fee retention amounts and ensure that the contractor is paid their full fee after contract completion. •	Reconciled contractor’s previous paid invoices against agency financial data to ensure that the contractor accurately billed the government for their direct and indirect costs. •	Prepared and suspend final vouchers for submission to the payment office. •	Determined disallowed costs and deobligation funding in CAMS and DCIS. •	Performed desk audits on contracts to reconcile direct and indirect costs billed during the term of the contract by applying the indirect cost rates by year. •	Assisted in writing and editing of CMS contract closeout policy and guidebook. •	Served as the Back-up to the Records Liaison Officer (RLO) and the Vital Records Coordinator (VRC), ascertains monitoring, compliance, and determining which records within (OAGM). •	Abided by the Federal Acquisition Regulations (FAR) and Health and Human Services Acquisition Regulations (HHSAR) when closing contracts.e-HighlighterClick to send permalink to address bar, or right-click to copy permalink.Un-highlight all Un-highlight selectionu Highlight selectionh"
