"Sr. Professional Staff Nurse, BSN (Heart Catheterization) in Pittsburgh, PA - UPMCCOVID-19 PrecautionsAt UPMC, we are committed to keeping our community safe and healthy as the COVID-19 pandemic unfolds. As our team continues to provide Life Changing Medicine to our patients, our recruiters will continue to fill positions throughout this time. Interviews and other processes may be modified to protect the safety of our candidates and employees. Thank you for your patience.For more information about UPMC's response to COVID-19, please visit upmc.com/coronavirus.Career PathwaysNursing Allied Health Professionals Physicians Advanced Practice Providers Professional & Admin Service Workers StudentsConnect With UsWorking HereCommunityMy AccountSearch Our JobsSearchFor the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplySr. Professional Staff Nurse, BSN (Heart Catheterization)Job ID: 435312177Status: Full-TimeRegular/Temporary: RegularHours: Varying start time, M-F with rotating callShift: VariableFacility: UPMC ShadysideDepartment: Heart CatheterizationLocation: 5230 Centre Avenue, Pittsburgh PA 15232Union Position: NoSalary Range: $31.28 to $47.73 / hourDescriptionUPMC Shadyside is looking for a Sr. Professional Staff Nurse to join their Cardiac Catheterization team! This is a regular full-time position that will work varying shifts, Monday - Friday. There is also a rotating call requirement to provide 24/7 coverage for the department. Our department offers flexible scheduling, the opportunity to work closely with the MD's during procedures, and opportunities to advance within the career ladder. Apply today to learn more!As a nurse at UPMC, you will find:Competitive wages, with the highest BSN differential in the greater Pittsburgh areaAn incomparable benefits package, including tuition reimbursementTop clinicians, leading researchers, and the most modern equipment and technology in health care todayCandidates with two years of experience and 2 standard contributions OR certification and 1 standard contribution are highly preferred. Candidates with less than two years experience and/or without 2 standard contributions OR certification and 1 standard contribution will be considered; job title and salary will be based upon qualifications and career ladder requirements.Purpose:The Senior Professional Staff Nurse is a Registered Nurse and a member of the care delivery team. The Senior Professional Staff Nurse is responsible to set the standards for the level and quality of care. The Senior Professional Staff Nurse has responsibility, authority and accountability for the provision of nursing care. The Senior Professional Staff Nurse manages and provides patient care activities for a group of patients and their families through the application of independent judgment, communication and collaboration with all team members. The role of the Senior Professional Staff Nurse encompasses leadership, partnership, collaboration and supervision. The Senior Professional Staff Nurse establishes and maintains collaborative relationships with physicians, other health care providers, patients and their families, to achieve desired patient outcomes throughout the continuum of care. The Senior Professional Staff Nurse demonstrates a commitment to the community and to the nursing profession.Responsibilities:Applies the nursing process within the framework of Relationship Based Care to create a healing environment. Formulates daily goals and a plan of care for patients that involves the patient as partner and considers the individual needs of the patient in a holistic manner. Practices solid communication skills, and is able to articulate and translate the patient's condition to other care providers and to negotiate and make recommendations for changes in patient care and unit practices. Patient documentation is comprehensive and promotes communication between caregivers. Demonstrates critical thinking in the identification of clinical, social, safety, psychological and spiritual issues for the patient care within an episode of care. Incorporates national professional organization as well as business unit and health system's goals to improve patient safety, quality and satisfaction of the patient experience in daily work. Creates a caring and compassionate patient-focused experience by building healing relationships with patients, families and colleagues.Identifies opportunities for clinical quality as well as workplace improvement. Applies evidence-based practice as a regular aspect of professional practice. Serves on or leads teams that launch innovations in patient care or support a healthy workforce.Demonstrates a passion for developing others, enthusiastically and expertly precepts students, graduate nurses and new hires. Analyzes clinical and behavioral situations, identifying learning opportunities to improve patient care practices. Regularly seeks feedback on performance and applies continuous professional improvement. Supports continuous learning in the clinical area by sharing research, materials from professional organizations, presenting on the unit, supporting journal clubs, etc.Serves as a role model of professional nursing practice by serving as a recognized unit leader in one or more of the following areas: clinical expertise, teacher, specialized resource nurse, and/or evidence based practice. Consistently gives appropriate feedback to all members of the health care team and participates in the nursing peer review process.Promotes change that enhances the quality of patient care and the unit environment. Serves on teams and leads successful teams as a part of daily practice. Demonstrates highly developed clinical assessment and analytical skills within the context of Relationship Based Care. Actively participates in shared governance at unit level and serves on hospital-wide councils.Builds and mends relationships among colleagues within the framework of a healthy workplace. Role models keen cultural awareness including preventing and addressing horizontal violence and impairment. Maintains a conscious balance between work and personal life through prioritization and delegation of responsibilities.Provides patient and family with appropriate education both pre and post procedure. and identifies and supplies service recovery to patient and families.Verifies patient identification and reviews medical record for procedure request and signed consent.Provides proper shielding of ionizing radiation during Cath procedures on adolescents, adults, and those of childbearing age.Demonstrate knowledge and prove competency in arrhythmia detection and understands the underlying disease process in the angiographic and hemodynamic data collections.Demonstrates knowledge of anatomy and physiology of the cardiac patient.Prior to performing new or challenging skills, requests assistance and reviews relevant policies and procedures. This also applies to any clinical research trials being performed in the department.Conducts initial and ongoing and post-procedure assessment of the patient according to unit standards. Notifies MD of any change in patient condition.Assume rotational assignment of Cath lab charge responsibilities involving the daily operation of Cath procedures and staffing.QualificationsThe individual must be able to demonstrate the knowledge and skills necessary to provide care and/or interact appropriately to the ages of the patients served by his/her assigned unit as specified below. They must also demonstrate knowledge of the principles of growth and development over the life span and possess the ability to assess data reflective of the patient's status and interpret the appropriate information needed to identify each patient's requirements relative to his/her age-specific needs and to provide the care needs as described in the department policy and procedures.Minimum 2 years of experience is required for Senior Professional Staff Nurse6 months of previous experience is required for Professional Staff Nurse.BSN preferred.Previous ICU or cardiac experience is preferred.Must obtain a Solid/Strong/Good or higher on a Professional Staff Nurse Performance Evaluation to be promoted to this level.Must maintain a Solid/Strong/Good or higher on annual performance evaluation to maintain status.Ability to establish and maintain positive, caring relationships with executives, managers, physicians, non-physician providers, ancillary and support staff, other departments, and patients/families.Ability to work productively and effectively within a complex environment, handle multiple/changing priorities and specialized equipment.Exemplary clinical judgment with critical thinking, analytical and problem-solving abilities required as related to various aspects of patient care.Critical thinking skills necessary to exercise and to lead others in the application of the nursing process.Mobility and visual manual dexterity.Physical stamina for frequent walking, standing, lifting and positioning of patients.Licensure, Certifications, and Clearances:Current Pennsylvania licensure as a Registered Professional Nurse. UPMC approved nursing certification preferred. Annual completion of 2 professional contributions selected from department, hospital, or system goals, and approved by your Unit Director OR certification and 1 professional contribution selected from department, hospital or system goals, and approved by your Unit Director ? as set forth through UPMC?s My Nursing Career Ladder. Certification not required if a Master's in nursing or DNP is held.CPR required based on AHA standards that include both a didactic and skills demonstration component within 30 days of hireACLS within 12 months of beginning employmentAdvanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS)Basic Life Support (BLS) OR Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation (CPR)Registered Nurse (RN)Act 34UPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Disability/VeteranTotal RewardsMore than just competitive pay and benefits, UPMC’s Total Rewards package cares for you in all areas of life &emdash; because we believe that you’re at your best when receiving the support you need: professional, personal, financial, and more.Our ValuesAt UPMC, we’re driven by shared values that guide our work and keep us accountable to one another. Our Values of Quality & Safety, Dignity & Respect, Caring & Listening, Responsibility & Integrity, Excellence & Innovation play a vital role in creating a cohesive, positive experience for our employees, patients, health plan members, and community. Ready to join us? Apply today.For the best application experience, we encourage you to apply for this job from a non-mobile device.Current UPMC employees must apply in HR DirectApplyFollow UsCareersMy Account (External Candidates)Search JobsUPMC Careers Blogupmc.comUPMC is an Equal Opportunity Employer | Contact us for Disability Accommodations | E-Verify | FAQsTalent NetworkJoin our Talent Network"
