"Jobs | Buckrail Jobs').appendTo('.flash-messages'); // 22 rents $('Need Housing? Check out 22 Rents on Facebook for available rooms & rentals.').appendTo('.details-body__left'); // tracking px for zip recuiter	$( \".details-footer__btn-apply\" ).on( \"click\", function() { $(' ').appendTo('body'); }); });All JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsSign inSign upAll JobsHousingPost A JobPackagesNewsKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs15 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBanking Media-Journalism General Business Information Technology Insurance Skilled Labor ManagementRefine by CategoriesConstruction (10) Customer Service (9) Hospitality (9) Admin-Clerical (7) Sales (6) Accounting (5)Nonprofit-Social Services (5) Other (4) Business Development (3) General Labor (3) Installation-Maint-Repair (3) Retail (3) Finance (2) Legal (2) Professional Services (2) Transportation (2) Food Service (2) Education (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (14) Part time (1)Refine by Salary Range$40,000 - $75,000 (3)Email me jobs like thisLegal Assistant$20.00 - $25.00 hourlyFreeburg Law LLCThriving law firm seeks legal assistant for part-time to full-time position. Flexible schedule. About you: you like people (you will spend a lot of time talking to clients); you like technology (because you will use software to work smarter); and you are detail oriented (because those details make a difference for our clients). About the law firm: we do a mix of criminal defense and personal injury—the cases are interesting, you just won’t be able to discuss them outside of work. Training will be done in person, but there is the opportunity for some remote work. The firm is upgrading its current technology tools. If you're interested, you can help implement the technology and tell the story of how you improved the operations of a small business in your next job interview. Send your resume to [email protected] for a position description and next steps. No calls please.Jan 26, 2021Part timeThriving law firm seeks legal assistant for part-time to full-time position. Flexible schedule. About you: you like people (you will spend a lot of time talking to clients); you like technology (because you will use software to work smarter); and you are detail oriented (because those details make a difference for our clients). About the law firm: we do a mix of criminal defense and personal injury—the cases are interesting, you just won’t be able to discuss them outside of work. Training will be done in person, but there is the opportunity for some remote work. The firm is upgrading its current technology tools. If you're interested, you can help implement the technology and tell the story of how you improved the operations of a small business in your next job interview. Send your resume to [email protected] for a position description and next steps. No calls please.Assistant Landscape Maintenance ManagerTLCThe Tree and Landscape Company has been creating signature landscapes in the Jackson Hole, Grand Teton and Yellowstone area since 2001. We attribute our success to the daily contributions of the remarkable individuals who make up our team. We are currently looking for an Assistant Landscape Maintenance Manager to help run our maintenance division. Responsibilities: -Supervising all division staff on job sites -Assist the Maintenance Manager in scheduling & estimating -Overseeing maintenance of all division equipment Qualifications: -1-5 years experience in the Landscaping Industry -Driver’s License & clean driving record -Bi-lingual preferred, but not required This is a full time, year round, hourly position with the potential to move into a salaried position. Matching company 401k & ski pass offered. Lodging potentially offered. Email resumes to [email protected]Jan 26, 2021Full timeThe Tree and Landscape Company has been creating signature landscapes in the Jackson Hole, Grand Teton and Yellowstone area since 2001. We attribute our success to the daily contributions of the remarkable individuals who make up our team. We are currently looking for an Assistant Landscape Maintenance Manager to help run our maintenance division. Responsibilities: -Supervising all division staff on job sites -Assist the Maintenance Manager in scheduling & estimating -Overseeing maintenance of all division equipment Qualifications: -1-5 years experience in the Landscaping Industry -Driver’s License & clean driving record -Bi-lingual preferred, but not required This is a full time, year round, hourly position with the potential to move into a salaried position. Matching company 401k & ski pass offered. Lodging potentially offered. Email resumes to [email protected]Experienced Office Manager/BookkeeperTKG ConstructionTKG Construction is a local, family-owned firm delivering high-quality residential and commercial construction in Jackson, Wyoming and Teton Valley, Idaho. We are seeking an effective leader with extensive professional accounting experience in the construction field, who can manage a fast-paced construction office. Knowledge of residential and commercial construction is a plus. The ideal candidate will demonstrate experience and expertise in: Implementing billing and receiving processes to include subcontractor compliance and notice of right to lien. Creating and improving streamlined operations. Completing multi-state payroll and filing requirements. Overseeing company-wide benefits package. Developing administrative policies including company credit card use and controls. Managing safety programs and compliance. TKG offers a premier compensation package, including Blue Cross Blue Shield health insurance, matching retirement plan, and earned...Jan 26, 2021Full timeTKG Construction is a local, family-owned firm delivering high-quality residential and commercial construction in Jackson, Wyoming and Teton Valley, Idaho. We are seeking an effective leader with extensive professional accounting experience in the construction field, who can manage a fast-paced construction office. Knowledge of residential and commercial construction is a plus. The ideal candidate will demonstrate experience and expertise in: Implementing billing and receiving processes to include subcontractor compliance and notice of right to lien. Creating and improving streamlined operations. Completing multi-state payroll and filing requirements. Overseeing company-wide benefits package. Developing administrative policies including company credit card use and controls. Managing safety programs and compliance. TKG offers a premier compensation package, including Blue Cross Blue Shield health insurance, matching retirement plan, and earned...Lead GardenerTLCThe Tree and Landscape Company has been creating signature landscapes in the Jackson Hole, Grand Teton and Yellowstone area since 2001. We attribute our success to the daily contributions of the remarkable individuals who make up our team. We are currently looking for a Lead Gardner to oversee the gardening division for our commercial and residential clients. Responsibilities: Creating estimates & contracts for customers Overseeing installation of projects Placing materials orders Qualifications: 2-3 years experience Familiarity with local flora & fauna Drivers license & clean driving record Bi-lingual preferred but not required This is a full time, hourly, seasonal position. Email resumes to [email protected]Jan 25, 2021Full timeThe Tree and Landscape Company has been creating signature landscapes in the Jackson Hole, Grand Teton and Yellowstone area since 2001. We attribute our success to the daily contributions of the remarkable individuals who make up our team. We are currently looking for a Lead Gardner to oversee the gardening division for our commercial and residential clients. Responsibilities: Creating estimates & contracts for customers Overseeing installation of projects Placing materials orders Qualifications: 2-3 years experience Familiarity with local flora & fauna Drivers license & clean driving record Bi-lingual preferred but not required This is a full time, hourly, seasonal position. Email resumes to [email protected]Operations ManagerWorldCast Anglers Victor, ID, USAWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Jan 21, 2021Full timeWorldCast Anglers is searching for a qualified Operations Manager to manage and execute all logistics and operations relating to WCA domestic guided fly fishing trips from 2.15.21 through 12.15.21. This position is located at the WorldCast Anglers Fly Shop and Office in Victor, ID. The position includes: Executing and reconciling all of WCA's domestic guided offerings through all communication mediums and platforms. Selling retail products in the WCA Fly Shop. In depth knowledge of all WCA operations, the WCA Employee Manual and WCA Guide Manual. Weekly meetings and oversight of the Assistant Operations Manager. Bi-weekly overview meetings with WCA COO. Monthly overview meetings with WCA Head Guide Qualifications: In depth fly fishing industry familiarity and experience. Knowledge and expertise of fishing opportunities in Western Wyoming and Eastern Idaho including Yellowstone and Grand Teton National Park. Skilled in Google Apps and other cloud based...Operation ManagerThe Clear Creek GroupUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.Jan 21, 2021Full timeUnder general supervision of the Director of Operations, the Operations Manager oversees the performance of the Housekeeping Field Supervisors and the Operations Assistants, to ensure the completion of daily tasks associated with preparing homes for rental guests. Maintain close communication with all departments within the company. Ensure homes always meet the rental standards of the company.CLIENT DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE Jackson, WyomingBlue Cross Blue Shield of Wyoming Jackson, WyomingCLIENT DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE Jackson, Wyoming Primarily responsible for introducing health care insurance plans to small business and individuals in Jackson, Wyoming, region. Generates sales in the 2 to 99 group market, non-group, life and ancillary product lines of business per established production goals. Bachelor’s Degree (typically in Marketing or Sales). Commensurate experience may be considered in lieu of degree and a High School diploma or GED required. Must have a current, valid driver’s license- required. Additional information and apply go to bcbswy.com/careers. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled E-VerifyJan 20, 2021Full timeCLIENT DEVELOPMENT EXECUTIVE Jackson, Wyoming Primarily responsible for introducing health care insurance plans to small business and individuals in Jackson, Wyoming, region. Generates sales in the 2 to 99 group market, non-group, life and ancillary product lines of business per established production goals. Bachelor’s Degree (typically in Marketing or Sales). Commensurate experience may be considered in lieu of degree and a High School diploma or GED required. Must have a current, valid driver’s license- required. Additional information and apply go to bcbswy.com/careers. EOE/M/F/Vet/Disabled E-VerifyJourneyman PlumberJB PlumbingJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .Jan 19, 2021Full timeJB Plumbing is hiring a Journeyman Plumber to join our team! Must be licensed. Wage will be depending on experience, and great benefits including PTO and health insurance. To apply, please send resume to [email protected] or apply at the Careers page on our website: www.jbwyo.com .SuperintendentJH Builders Jackson, WY, USAConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Jan 18, 2021Full timeConstruction Project Superintendent JH builders is hiring for a Project Superintendent position. Qualified applicants should have a strong local construction background with sound knowledge of construction process. Description of the position includes: - Schedule management - Quality control of projects - Management of JH Builders employees on projects - Maintaining proper safety guidelines - Creating and maintaining 3 week rolling task schedules - Management, scheduling, and quality control of sub-contractors - Project expense reporting - Maintaining Daily Logs - Estimating and Takeoffs - Carry and maintain tools of the trade - Project Lead Experience with Microsoft Office. Great benefits, salary dependent upon experience. Please email resume to [email protected] or call (307) 734-5245Client Services Manager - Frontier Administrative ServicesLong, Reimer, Winegar LLP Both Onsite and RemoteFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Jan 18, 2021Full timeFrontier Administrative Services, an affiliate of Long Reimer Winegar LLP, seeks a Client Services Manager to join a busy team. Frontier Administrative Services (FAS) is a Jackson based company that provides administrative support to over 300 Private Trust Companies based in Wyoming. FAS is looking for candidates who have at least two years’ experience working in the financial industry, basic knowledge of Wyoming trust law, experience interfacing with clients on a daily basis, and an understanding of bookkeeping basics. This is a full time position, with competitive pay, and full benefits after 90 days. Interested candidates should please email a cover letter, resume and list of professional references to Hannah Greene, at [email protected] . Please note that applications without a cover letter will not be reviewed.Rental Equipment TechnicianWestern States EquipmentThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Jan 14, 2021Full timeThe CAT Rental Store is looking for a Rental Equipment Technician! This role is responsible for maintaining and preparing equipment for our rental customers. 1 year technician experience is preferred and a clean driving record is required. If you think you might be Western States CAT material, visit us at www.westernstatescareers.com and apply today to Job # RENTA03068Field ManagerBoreal Property Management Jackson Hole, Wyoming, USABoreal Property Management, Jackson, WY, is seeking a Full-Time, Field Manager for snow and landscape seasons. Salary is market-competitive depending on experience. Benefits include Health insurance, dental, vision, retirement, PTO, transferable ski passes, and other great perks. Winter: Assistant Snow Manager/Quality Control Supervisor. Job responsibilities: plow/ machine, operator as needed. Assist the Snow Manager in overseeing operations of 5 plow routes, 3 skid steer blowers, and shovel crew. Help in the planning and preparation of the following year's landscape season. Assist with schedule, hiring, logistics, etc. Winter schedule tied closely to snow fall. Summer job responsibilities: Infield management of all landscape maintenance crews. Computer skills required, knowledge of Excel, LMN, or other scheduling software is a plus. Helping with scheduling, project management, quality control, field training, helping push productivity and efficiencies, etc. Candidates should...Jan 11, 2021Full timeBoreal Property Management, Jackson, WY, is seeking a Full-Time, Field Manager for snow and landscape seasons. Salary is market-competitive depending on experience. Benefits include Health insurance, dental, vision, retirement, PTO, transferable ski passes, and other great perks. Winter: Assistant Snow Manager/Quality Control Supervisor. Job responsibilities: plow/ machine, operator as needed. Assist the Snow Manager in overseeing operations of 5 plow routes, 3 skid steer blowers, and shovel crew. Help in the planning and preparation of the following year's landscape season. Assist with schedule, hiring, logistics, etc. Winter schedule tied closely to snow fall. Summer job responsibilities: Infield management of all landscape maintenance crews. Computer skills required, knowledge of Excel, LMN, or other scheduling software is a plus. Helping with scheduling, project management, quality control, field training, helping push productivity and efficiencies, etc. Candidates should...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 10, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Experienced Journeyman Carpenter for High End Residential Builder$27.00 - $35.00 hourlyMatarozzi Pelsinger Builders Jackson, WY, USASince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Jan 06, 2021Full timeSince 1986, Matarozzi Pelsinger Builders (MPB) has crafted some of the most innovative and complex residences and commercial spaces across the SF Bay Area in California. In 2015, we expanded our operations to the Jackson Hole area in Wyoming. Our team is comprised of highly skilled, intelligent, and experienced professionals, and it has been growing steadily! We are looking for an experienced Journeyman Carpenter to join our Team. MPB’s carpenters are committed to delivering the best quality, always exceeding our clients’ expectations. Could that be YOU? The TASKS: Build and set forms for footings, walls, and slabs, and frame and finish exterior walls, roofs, and decks. Frame interior walls, build stairs, and install drywall, crown molding, doors, and cabinets. Help erect, level, and install building framework with the aid of rigging hardware and cranes Install structures and fixtures, such as windows and molding Measure, cut, or shape wood, plastic, and other...Field Technician - Jackson, WYCharter Communications Jackson, WY, USAField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Dec 31, 2020Full timeField Technicians Jackson, WY We are a growing and dynamic $37 billion, Fortune 500 company with nearly 100,000 employees in 41 states. Join us and be connected to a collaborative workplace where everyone plays an important role and where you can make an impact – on your career, our company, and our customers. We have an exciting opportunity for Field Technicians, whether just starting out or with experience. You will perform basic installations and service changes for residential cable, internet and telephone services, troubleshooting and repair. Training and resources provided to help you be successful in this position. Position offers great opportunities to self-promote. Full job description online. Requires: valid driver’s license with satisfactory driving record; High School diploma or equivalent; strong computer, communication, customer service, and technical skills; mechanical aptitude; ability to: work and travel in all kinds of weather; work in confined spaces;...Load moreBuckrail NewsContactPackagesTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterInstagramLinkedIn"
