"Junior Assistant (Accounts) RecruitmentSkip to main contentALL SARKARI JOBSSearchSearch This BlogOffice Assistant Jobs in Tamil Nadu Slum Clearance Boardon January 20, 2021 Office Assistant0Get linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsJunior Assistant (Accounts) Recruitmenton July 30, 2020Get linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsIndian Institute of Technology DelhiAdvt. No. E-II/01/2020 (DR)Invites applications for the post of Junior Assistant (Accounts)Post :Junior Assistant (Accounts)Vacancy :06Age :27 YearsPay scale: Rs. 21700-69100/-Qualification & experience :1. B.Com or equivalent qualification from recognized university with at least 55% marks. 2. Proficiency in Accounting Software like Tally, Pay Roll Accounting, e-TDS etc. 3. Proficiency in typing in English / Hindi on computer and also in the use of a variety of computer office applications like M.S Word, Excel, Power-point or equivalent is a must. Desirable: 1. One year relevant experience in Finance / Accounts.2. Having typing speed of 40 w.p.m. / 35 w.p.m. in English and Hindi respectively on computer.Note : 1) Candidates should carefully read the requisite minimum essential qualifications, age and eligibility, experience criteria etc. laid down in the advertisement before applying for these posts. Since all the applications will be screened on the basis of data submitted by the candidate in the online application form, the candidates must satisfy themselves of the suitability for the position to which they are applying. If at any stage during the recruitment and selection process, it is found that candidates have furnished false or wrong information, their candidature will be rejected.2) Application once submitted cannot be altered / resubmitted, under any circumstances. Further, no request with respect to making changes in any data/ particular entered by the candidate in the Online Application will be entertained, once the application is submitted successfully. Therefore, please keep all data/ details ready before you start filling up the Application Online.3) In addition to the Matrix as per 7th CPC as mentioned against each post, the posts carry the usual allowances at par with those admissible under IIT Delhi rules in the corresponding Pay Matrix.4) The minimum qualifying marks each for Written & Trade Test/ Computer Test will be 60 % (Relaxation / Concession to reserved category candidates may be given as per GOI’s rules). Only the candidates who will qualify the Written Test will be called for Trade Test/ Computer Test of the selection process. However, actual selection shall depend on the merit over and above this minimum level as determined by the respective Selection Committee(s).5) The Institute reserves the right to select any candidate on contractual basis, if the selection committee recommends so with benefits which are similar to regular appointments. The appointments on contract basis shall be made initially for a period of 03 years which are extendable on year-to-year basis up to 05 years. Such staff members may be considered for regularization through a duly constituted Committee for the purpose which will evaluate their performance.6) Rs. 200/- (Rupees two hundred only) has to be paid through the recruitment portal payment gateway. The application is considered as a submitted application only after the payment of fees. The fee once paid will not be refunded or re-adjusted under any circumstances. No fee is required for SC/ST, PwD category & Woman Candidates.7) Fulfillment of qualifications and experience is an essential requirement. The candidate will be called for Written Test / Trade Test / Computer Test, as stated above while progressing ahead in the stage(s) of recruitment / selection, following the standards in general. As stated, the Institute is free to set the benchmark and call only the eligible candidates for the Written Test / Trade Test / Computer Test. IIT Delhi reserves the right to increase or decrease the number of advertised posts at the time of selection. Further, IIT Delhi also reserves the right to fill or NOT to fill any of the posts advertised, in the event or exigency so decided by the Institute.8) The Director, IIT Delhi reserves the rights to shortlist any deserving candidates for relevant posts as an exception. In case of any dispute / ambiguity / confusion that may occur in the process of selection, the decision of the Director, IIT Delhi shall be final.9) The Institute will conduct Written Test / Trade Test/ Computer Test for the shortlisted candidates in the phased manner.Starting Date for Submission of Online Application	01 August 2020Last Date for Submission of Online Application	28 August 2020Click herefor apply onlineClick here for official notificationJunior Assistant (Accounts)Get linkFacebookTwitterPinterestEmailOther AppsCommentsPost a CommentPopular PostsData Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Recruitment - Government of IndiaData Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Recruitment - Government of India Broadcast Engineering Consultants India Limited Government of India Advt No. BECIL/HR/NITIE/Advt.2020/44 I nvites applications for the post of Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant job description: Broadcast Engineering Consultants India Limited department under the Government of India recruiting Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant in the month of December 2020 .They are 04 Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant vacancies. The application can submit before 17/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant post is Graduate and the Selection will be based on Test/Interview. Post : Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Vacancy:04 Age :30 years Pay scale : Rs 20000/- Per Month Data Entry Operator/Junior Assistant Qualification & experience : Graduate from a recognized univePh D/Scientist Recruitment - Government of ChandigarhPh D/Scientist Recruitment - Government of Chandigarh CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology Government of Chandigarh Advertisement No. 01/2021 I nvites applications for the post of Scientist Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Scientist job description: CSIR-Institute of Microbial Technology department under the Government of Chandigarh recruiting Scientist in the month of January 2021 .They are 01 Scientist vacancies. The application can submit before 15/02/2021. The minimum qualification required for the Scientist post is Ph D and the Selection will be based on interview. Post : Scientist Vacancy:01 Age :32 Years Pay scale : Rs.67700- 208700/- Scientist Qualification & experience : Ph D (submitted) in any branch of Natural Sciences/ MD with; experience in Microbiome research OR microbial genome sequence analyses and good understanding of NGS platforms and comparative genomics Scientist Selection Process : Selection will be based on interview. ImportantPh.D. Degree or Master’s Degree JobsPost :Associate Professor Vacancy :07 Age : 65 years Qualification & experience :i. Good academic record with a Ph.D. Degree in the concerned/ allied/ relevant disciplines. ii. A Master’s Degree with at least 55% marks (or an equivalent grade in a point scale wherever grading system is followed). iii. A minimum of eight years of experience of teaching and/or research in an academic/research position equivalent to that of Assistant Professor in a University, College or Accredited Research Institution/industry excluding the period of Ph.D. research with evidence of published work and a minimum of 5 publications as books and/or research/policy papers. iv. Contribution to educational innovation, design of new curricula and courses, and technology – mediated teaching learning process with evidence of having guided doctoral candidates and research students. v. A minimum score of 300 points in the Academic Performance Indicator (API) based Performance Based Appraisal SysteManagement Trainee Jobs in Kerala Feeds LimitedManagement Trainee Jobs in Kerala Feeds Limited Kerala Feeds Limited Government of Kerala Advt. No. : CMD/KFL/11/2020 I nvites applications for the post of Management Trainee Management Trainee job description: Kerala Feeds Limited department under the Government of Kerala recruiting Management Trainee in the month of December 2020 .They are 10 Management Trainee vacancies. The application can submit before 06/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Management Trainee post is MBA and the Selection will be based on Written test/Group discussion/Interview. Post :Management Trainee Vacancy:10 Age :18 to 27 years Pay scale : Management Trainee (MarketinCluster Level Resource Person/12th pass Jobs in National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati RajCluster Level Resource Person/12th pass Jobs in National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj Government of Telangana Advt. No. : 16/2020 I nvites applications for the post of Cluster Level Resource Person Cluster Level Resource Person job description: National Institute of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj department under the Government of Telangana recruiting Cluster Level Resource Person in the month of December 2020.There are 250 Cluster Level Resource Person vacancy .The application can submit before 29 /12/2020 . The minimum qualification required for the Cluster Level Resource Person post is Class XII pass and the Selection will be based on Written Test/Interview. Post :ClusterFireman RecruitmentKarnataka State Fire & Emergency Services Invites applications for the post of Fireman Post :Fireman Vacancy : 1222 Age : 18 to 26 years Pay scale :Rs 23500 – 47650/- Qualification & experience: SSLC- CBSE, SSLC-ICSE, SSLC-SSC, SSLC- State Board, SSLC- Equivalent and ITI in Relevant Trade or Diploma in Automobile. Selection Process : Selection will be based on Written Examination and Physical Standard Test, Endurance Test. starting Date for Submission Of Online Application 22 June 2020 Last Date for Submission Of Online Application 20 July 2020 Last Date for payment of Fee 22 July 2020 Click here for apply online Click here for official notificationVillage Development Officer Jobs in UKSSSCVillage Development Officer Jobs in UKSSSC UKSSSC Government of Uttarakhand Advt. No. 29/UKSSSC/2020 I nvites applications for the post of Village Development Officer Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Village Development Officer job description: UKSSSC department under the Government of Uttarakhand recruiting Village Development Officer in the month of December 2020 .They are 381 Village Development Officer vacancies. The application can submit before 08/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Village Development Officer post is Bachelor Degree and the Selection will be based on Written Exam. Post : Village Development Officer Vacancy:381 Age :21 to 42 years Pay scale : Rs 25500 – 81100/- Level -4 Village Development Officer Qualification & experience : Bachelor Degree form recognized University. Guardian cum Village Development Officer Selection Process : Selection will be based on Written Exam. Important Dates for Village Development OBachelor’s Degree-Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Jobs in High Court KeralaBachelor’s Degree-Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Jobs in High Court Kerala High Court Kerala Government of Kerala Advt. No. : REC1-84497/2019 I nvites applications for the post of Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge job description: High Court Kerala department under the Government of Kerala recruiting Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge in the month of January 2021 .They are 23 Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge vacancies. The application can submit before 29/01/2021 . The minimum qualification required for the Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge post is Bachelor’s Degree and the Selection will be based on Dictation Test and Interview. Post : Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Vacancy:23 Age :Born between 02/01/1984 and 01/01/2002 Pay scale : Rs. 27800 – 59400/- Personal Assistant (Grade II) to Judge Qualification & experience : A Bachelor’s Degree inLatest Teachers Recruitment- 2020Latest Teachers Recruitment Information- 2020 Primary School Teachers Recruitment- 278 Vacancies Upper Primary School Teachers Recruitment 571 Lecturers Recruitment- Rs. 47600 – 151100/- Pay Scale Primary Teachers Recruitment- 35,400 salary per month Physics Assistant Professors Recruitment Science and arts teacher vacancy in school Chemistry Assistant Professor jobs- 57,000 Salary Lower Primary School Teachers Recruitment- 3941 Vacancies Primary School Teachers Recruitment-3941 VacanciesStenographer Grade III Jobs in New DelhiStenographer Grade III Jobs in New Delhi National Institute of Health and Family Welfare Government of New Delhi I nvites applications for the post of Stenographer Grade III Published at www.allsarkarijobs.com Stenographer Grade III job description: National Institute of Health and Family Welfare department under the Government of New Delhi recruiting Stenographer Grade III in the month of January 2021 .They are 09 Stenographer Grade III vacancies. The application can submit before 26/02/2021. The minimum qualification required for the Stenographer Grade III post is Matric and the Selection will be based on Written Test/skill Test. Post : Stenographer Grade III Vacancy:09 Age :18 to 30 years Pay scale : Level 4 Stenographer Grade III Qualification & experience : Matric or its equivalent. Speed in shorthand 80 w.p.m. Speed in typewriting 40 w.p.m. Stenographer Grade III Selection Process : Selection will be based on Written Test/skill Test. Note : Interested candPowered by Blogger"
