"RN-Geriatric, Long Term Care (LTC) | Ink staffingInk staffingView All JobsVisit our websiteRN-Geriatric, Long Term Care (LTC)Ink staffing - Roosevelt, UTRegistered Nurse Job DescriptionWe are looking for a Registered Nurse -Geriatric, Long Term Care (LTC). You to join our nursing staff in providing excellent health care to our patients. Your duty of caring for the patients coming into our facility include tasks like creating and maintaining accurate patient records, administering medication and monitoring for side effects, recording vital signs, and reporting symptoms and changes in patient conditions.A Bachelor's degree in nursing and a state license are essential requirements for consideration. You will also need to be trained in BLS/CPR and be ACLS-certified. A professional, friendly attitude and effective communication skills are keys to becoming successful in this role.Your Responsibilities:Maintaining accurate, complete health care records and reports.Administering medications to patients and monitoring them for side effects and reactions.Prescribing assistive medical devices and related treatments.Recording patient vital signs and medical information.Ordering medical diagnostic and clinical tests.Monitoring, reporting, and recording symptoms or changes in patient conditions.Administering non-intravenous medications.Assessing, implementing, planning, or evaluating patient nursing care plans by working with healthcare team members.Modifying patient health treatment plans as indicated by patient conditions and responses.You Must have :The Villa is seeking an energetic, team oriented, resident focused, detail oriented, and self motivated LPN to join on our team on a temporary basis. Selected candidate will be working day shifts with an opportunity for overtime by working occasional night shifts on our Long Term Care Halls.Will need arrive 3 days before starting work and will need to pass a Covid-19 Test before being eligible to work.Will need to be able to pass Covid-19 screening questions and will comply with COVID 19 policies and procedures as well as state mandates.Must be able to be cleared by DAC to work in our Long Term Facility preferably before starting. Please read DAC restrictions or contact Cynthia for questions on DAC background check before applying if there is any misdemeanors or felonies in applicants background in the last 10 years.General Certifications(BLS/BCLS)2MinExperienceRequiredSkills:Professionalism. ...Attention to Detail. ...Critical Thinking. ...Compassion.Contract Length: 14 weeksPosted On: Tuesday, January 5, 2021Apply to this jobEmailPhoneTEXT MESSAGE ACCOUNT ALERTS I authorize INK STAFFING to contact me through text message/phone calls for followups and all other communications to me on my provided cell phone number. I understand that I may reply with various commands to receive job alerts / recruiter contact and other alerts /contact . By accepting these terms, I agree that all individuals associated with my account may receive alerts referencing the account guarantor and/or dependents. Text message charges from my cell phone provider may apply.orSubmittingSend a Privacy InquiryPowered by Crelate"
