"Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India) - Awesome Jobs From WorldwideSearch JobsHomeManual SearchPrivacy & PolicyJohn DoeComming SoonGo!Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Add To BookmarksCompany:Location: Hyderabad, IndiaType: Full TimeCreated: 2020-12-02 05:01:08Apply HereAs a member of our Software Engineering Group, we look first and foremost for people who are passionate around solving business problems through innovation and engineering practices. You'll be required to apply your depth of knowledge and expertise to all aspects of the software development lifecycle, as well as partner continuously with your many stakeholders on a daily basis to stay focused on common goals. We embrace a culture of experimentation and constantly strive for improvement and learning. You'll work in a collaborative, trusting, thought-provoking environment-one that encourages diversity of thought and creative solutions that are in the best interests of our customers globally.This role requires a wide variety of strengths and capabilities, including: * BS/BA degree or equivalent experience * Advanced knowledge of application, data, and infrastructure architecture disciplines * Understanding of architecture and design across all systems * Working proficiency in developmental toolsets * Knowledge of industry-wide technology trends and best practices * Ability to work in large, collaborative teams to achieve organizational goals * Passionate about building an innovative culture * Proficiency in one or more modern programming languages * Understanding of software skills such as business analysis, development, maintenance, and software improvement * Experience as a senior Java full stack developer with angular, micro service and cloud * Expertise in Java jdk 7 / 8,node js 12, maven 3.6, Angular 8, MDS/web : 2.16.0 , Typescript: 3.5.1,Spring version: 4.3.18 * Prod Support experience is a Plus (Dyntatrace & Splunk)JPMorgan Chase & Co., one of the oldest financial institutions, offers innovative financial solutions to millions of consumers, small businesses and many of the world's most prominent corporate, institutional and government clients under the J.P. Morgan and Chase brands. Our history spans over 200 years and today we are a leader in investment banking, consumer and small business banking, commercial banking, financial transaction processing and asset management.We recognize that our people are our strength and the diverse talents they bring to our global workforce are directly linked to our success. We are an equal opportunity employer and place a high value on diversity and inclusion at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of any protected attribute, including race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital or veteran status, pregnancy or disability, or any other basis protected under applicable law. In accordance with applicable law, we make reasonable accommodations for applicants' and employees' religious practices and beliefs, as well as any mental health or physical disability needs.Similar JobsAngular/ REACT Software Engineer- Associate at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Jersey City, NJ)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Bengaluru, India)Software Engineer Manager - Location Flexible at Volusion, LLC () (allows remote)Senior Engineer, Content at Homer () (allows remote)Senior Backend Developer in Mongo at Anark Corporation (Boulder, CO)Senior Full Stack Developer in Node.JS, MERN and Cloud at Anark Corporation (Boulder, CO)Full stack developer at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Bengaluru, India)Python Backend Lead Engineer at Geomagical Labs (Mountain View, CA) (allows remote)Backend Engineering Manager at Dashlane (Paris, France)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Hyderabad, India)Software Engineering- J2ee at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Mumbai, India)Software Engineering at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Bengaluru, India)Software Engineer - Associate at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (Jersey City, NJ)"
