"Jobs | USASwimmingJobsCompanyPost a JobResume SearchSign inSign upJobsCompanyPost a JobResume SearchLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by Job CategoryHead Coach 21 Assistant Coach 17 Aquatic Director 6 Swim Instructor 5 Head Age Group Coach 4 Team Administrator 2Masters Coach 2MoreRefine by Job Type (Full-Time, Part-Time, etc.)Part time 15 Full time 11 Intern 1Refine by StateIndiana 3 North Carolina 3 California 2 Illinois 2 Oklahoma 2 South Carolina 2Texas 2 Alaska 1 Arizona 1 Kansas 1 Kentucky 1 Louisiana 1 Massachusetts 1 Michigan 1 Missouri 1 New York 1 Ohio 1 Washington 1MoreAssistant Aquatics Director Age Group Coach Senior Coach Other27 jobs foundJan 18, 2021Pool Repair and Maintenance ManagerPool Repair and Maintenance Manager This is an excellent opportunity for the right individual to play an important role on a team working with commercial swimming pools at Aquatic Management of Indianapolis. Aquatic Management of Indianapolis is part of The Pool Management Group network of companies. The Pool Management Group is the largest privately held pool management company in the United States. Aquatic Management of Indianapolis is a top tier pool management company in the Indianapolis area with significant revenues and on-going contracts. Aquatic Management of Indianapolis provides pool management/lifeguard staffing, pool service and repairs and renovations to HOAs, municipalities and country clubs. RESPONSIBILITIES: The Swimming Pool Repair and Maintenance Manager has responsibility for pool repairs ranging from pump motor replacement to pump room rebuilds along with providing cleaning and service to pools throughout the area. The successful candidate must deal...Aquatic Management of Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN, USA Full timeJan 18, 2021Aquatic Internship OpportunityAquatic Internship Opportunity Aquatic Management of Indianapolis Company Information: Aquatic Management of Indianapolis is a family member of The Pool Management Group, the largest privately held pool management company in the United States. Aquatic Management of Indianapolis provides pool management, pool maintenance and lifeguard services with added value and customer focus. For more information visit our website: https://www.indianapolis-pmg.com/ Internship Description: Aquatic Management of Indianapolis is now offering an internship in aquatic management. The goal of the program is to provide students with experience and exposure in the aquatic field with focus on the following: Staff Training and Development: Learn the process for hiring process, training, scheduling, staff evaluations and other Human Resource functions. Swimming Pool Operation and Maintenance : Learn the items required for aquatic facilities to stay open safely including chemical...Aquatic Management of Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN, USA InternJan 18, 2021Aquatic SupervisorSUMMARY: An Aquatic Supervisor is responsible for the training and development of staff, day-to-day operations, maintenance, and administration at Aquatic Management of Indianapolis facilities. This position reports directly to the Regional Supervisor, General Manager, and Human Resource Director while leading and directing Area Supervisors, facility leadership teams, and front-line staff. The primary goal of this position is to ensure the smooth and efficient operation of all facilities while monitoring and remedying potential issues and instilling team solidarity at every facility. This person should have excellent organizational and communication skills and high levels of professionalism and commitment to the Company, team members, and facilities. DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: The duties and responsibilities of this position are generally categorized into four different areas: Staff Development, Training, and Leadership, Administration, Facility Operation, and...Aquatic Management of Indianapolis Indianapolis, IN, USA Full timeJan 14, 2021Haverhill YMCA LifeguardAre you an avid swimmer and interested in helping others? Are you looking for part-time work that will make a difference? This may be the opportunity for you! TO APPLY FOR THIS POSITION: follow the link below https://www.paycomonline.net/v4/ats/web.php/jobs/ViewJobDetails?job=61590&clientkey=67B49CE43A1AABDA4F0E49D852943B66 The Haverhill YMCA is seeking certified lifeguards available for morning shifts to join our Aquatics team! As a lifeguard, you will help ensure the safety and well being of all swimmers, and promote a healthy and active lifestyle. On a regular day, you will oversee all aquatics activities, explain and enforce safety regulations and rules, monitor for any safety hazards, and assist in activities. You must be rescue ready at all times and implement emergency procedures as needed. You will assess the swimming capabilities of everyone in the aquatics area and ensure individuals are not allowed in areas that place them at undue risk. To thrive...YMCA of the North Shore Haverhill, MA, USA Part timeJan 13, 2021Assistant Coach for American Energy Swim Club in Edmond, OKJOB DESCRIPTION: An Assistant Coach of American Energy Swim Club demonstrates leadership and responsibility in coaching our swimmers (ages 8-18). S/he will be involved in all aspects of the AESC program, including (but not limited to) scheduling, training, performance, and safety. MISSION: Develop leaders with integrity, discipline, and excellence in the water, in families, and in the community. QUALIFICATIONS: Competitive swimming experience (Preferred) Swim coaching experience (Required) Current CPR, First Aid, Coaches Safety, Safe Sport certifications, and membership in good standing with USA Swimming RESPONSIBILITIES: Plan and conduct 2-3 hours per day of on-deck coaching. Effectively communicate with parents, swimmers, and other coaches (in person, email, and phone). Coordinate and develop group goals, Coordinate online meet entries (Team Unify) Attend all scheduled swim meets, meetings, and team functions as required....American Energy Swim Club Edmond, OK, USA Part timeJan 08, 2021Lifeguard III/ Head CoachExciting employment opportunity in Craig Alaska! The Craig Waverunner Swim Club is in search of a new Head Swim Coach. The Waverunners are a parent owned and operated USA Swimming Club. The position is hired through the City of Craig, Alaska and the job position includes being the Head Swim Coach, Lifeguard and Swim Lesson Instructor at the Craig Aquatic Center. The City of Craig offers competitive wages and a very good benefit package, including health insurance. You may view the job description and application at this site: Lifeguard III/ Swim Coach In addition to the City of Craig hourly wage, the Waverunners pay a $500.00 monthly stipend. The Craig High School and a small local Masters team are also looking for coaches and can be combined with this position for additional compensation. We understand that relocating is costly and the swim club will reimburse up to $1000.00 for moving costs. Half will be paid upon arrival and the additional payment will be...Craig Waverunner Swim Club Craig, AK, USA Full timeDec 30, 2020Part Time Competitive Swim Team CoachFlagstaff Snow Sharks Swim Team is looking for an enthusiastic Competitive Team coach with experience coaching age group and senior competitive swimmers. Having a background of competitive swimming is a plus. A background in teaching and USA Swimming Coach Certification desired. Snow Sharks is willing to pay to get USA certification upon passing of background check through USA Swimming and reference checks. Candidates should be passionate about coaching young competitive swimmers to be their best as well as capable of making a minimum of one year commitment to Snow Sharks Swim Team. Expected to travel to swim meets. Compensation based on experience and certifications. $15.00/hrFlagstaff Snow Sharks Flagstaff, AZ, USA Part timeDec 29, 2020Aquatic Program Coordinator in Palo Alto, Ca!Aquatics Program Coordinator Greenmeadow Community Association - Palo Alto, Ca Position Summary Facilitate the operations of Greenmeadow Community Association and Pool through development, implementation, promotion and oversight of water safety education, fitness, recreation, certification and other programs for children, adults, and/or senior citizens. Coordinate the work of casual staff and volunteers. Promote and oversee aquatics, facilities, and special event programs. These tasks are illustrative only and may include other related duties. Additional Information This position has potential for full time employment with the right candidate. Part time and full time options are available. $22-26 Hourly + Benefits with full time employment Essential Functions Develops, implements, and oversees instructional and non-instructional programs, ensuring compliance with program safety rules and regulations. Plans, organizes, implements and evaluates...Greenmeadow Community Association 303 Parkside Drive, Palo Alto, CA, USA Full timeDec 28, 2020Senior CoachSea Dragons Swim Club is seeking an experienced, organized, and positive Senior Coach to help bring our club to the next level. This position is year-round. You will be working with the Head Coach and coaching staff to develop a program that will increase our senior swimming success. You must possess a high degree of emotional maturity and be able to motivate children with varied attributes. You must have a strong desire to create a positive training environment for all swimmers to achieve success in the pool and life and be willing to grow to make this your ultimate goal. Job Responsibilities: Inspiring, dedicated coach and swimming subject matter expert Ability to demonstrate mature judgment, reliability, availability, and ethical behavior including punctuality, confidentiality, positive and constructive feedback, and ability to function in a multi-task environment Ability to meet all USA Swimming certification and coaching requirements (CPR, Safety Training for Swim...Sea Dragons Swim Club Penfield, NY, USA Part timeNov 23, 2020Age Group CoachAbout Race Aquatics: RACE Aquatics is a Board of Directors governed, 501 (c) 3 non-profit located in Bowling Green, KY. RACE Aquatics has approximately 90 + swimmers in 4 groups. We are looking for an Age Group Coach for our club. **CURRENTLY, RACE AQUATICS HAS ACCESS TO WATER AND IS PRACTICING** Job Expectations: Overall General administration of the age group team, in a cost-efficient manner. Complete additional administrative or operational tasks as assigned by the Head Coach or Board of Directors within the designated time frame. Regular communication with the Board of Directors. Regular attendance at practice and meets. Ensure Race Aquatics swim club stays in compliance with ALL USA and Kentucky Swimming rules and bylaws. Ensure Race Aquatics swim club stays in good standing with Warren County Public Schools; consults with the RACE Board on programs and pool time when the RACE Board renews the annual pool contract with Warren County Public Schools...RACE Aquatics Bowling Green, KY, USA Full timeNov 19, 2020Age Group YMCA/USA Swim CoachOverview Under the supervision of the Director of Competitive Swimming, the Age Group YMCA/USA Swim Coach is responsible and accountable for planning, conducting, and evaluating high quality swim team practices and meets. The Swim Coach is also responsible for informing and serving YMCA members and volunteers in a premier fashion. He or she is expected to emphasize member service, character development, the mission statement and to work with membership retention and promotion. Responsibilities Contribute to the overall YMCA mission of healthy living, youth development and social responsibility. Maintain and develop positive relationships with parents, volunteers and swimmers Position involves weekend or extended hours and travel to offsite events Assist Head Site Coach in maintaining team roster and ensure tracking attendance. Responsible for staying current with the center announcements and information. Must maintain safety by following YMCA and national...YMCA of Greater Kansas City Platte County Community Center North, Running Horse Road, Platte City, MO, USA Part timeNov 19, 2020Age Group YMCA/USA Swim CoachOverview Under the supervision of the Director of Competitive Swimming, the Age Group YMCA/USA Swim Coach is responsible and accountable for planning, conducting, and evaluating high quality swim team practices and meets. The Swim Coach is also responsible for informing and serving YMCA members and volunteers in a premier fashion. He or she is expected to emphasize member service, character development, the mission statement and to work with membership retention and promotion. Responsibilities Contribute to the overall YMCA mission of healthy living, youth development and social responsibility. Maintain and develop positive relationships with parents, volunteers and swimmers Position involves weekend or extended hours and travel to offsite events Assist Head Site Coach in maintaining team roster and ensure tracking attendance. Responsible for staying current with the center announcements and information. Must maintain safety by following YMCA and national...YMCA of Greater Kansas City Bonner Springs Family YMCA, South 138th Street, Bonner Springs, KS, USA Part timeOct 02, 2020Part Time Age Group CoachPrimary Responsibilities : This position is for a lead group coach as well as an assistant to the lead coaches for several other groups. Responsibilities include but are not limited to: ● Learning the SCSC training terminology, vocabulary and then being able to apply the lessons learned into daily practice. ● Learning the SCSC Dryland Program and then being able to effectively lead dryland sessions. ● Inspiring, dedicated coach and swimming subject matter expert ● Ability to demonstrate mature judgment, reliability, availability, and ethical behavior including punctuality, confidentiality, positive and constructive feedback, and ability to function in a multi-task environment. ● Ability to meet all USA Swimming certification and coaching requirements (CPR, Safety Training for Swim Coaches, USA Swimming Background Check, Athlete Protection, Lifeguard, First Aid, Concussion, etc.) ● Must be able to attend all assigned team functions (practices, meets, etc) ● Must be available to...South Carolina Swim Club Mount Pleasant, SC, USA Part timeSep 27, 2020North East Houston Aquatics - NEHASwim Coach Position Northeast Houston Aquatics (NEHA) is seeking a highly motivated, experienced, and enthusiastic coach to help develop our rapidly growing swim program. Northeast Houston Aquatics - NEHA is a year-round USA Swimming affiliated swim club located in the New Caney ISD Natatorium that focuses on technique and endurance training for all levels of swimmers ages 6-18. Job Description: This is a part-time coaching position. Hours are Monday-Friday: 5:00pm-8:30pm, Sat: 8/9am-11:00am, plus swim meets and 1 one-hour monthly coaches meeting. Experience working with children and large groups in all age groups. Must have background of 3-4 years of competitive swimming, 2-3 years of USA Swimming coaching experience, and/or minimum of one-year experience as a swim instructor. High School Diploma, GED or equivalent. Current certification of CPR, AED, & First Aid preferred. Pay starts at $15/hour depending on credentials and experience. USA Swimming coach...North East Houston Aquatics - NEHA New Caney ISD Natatorium, 21360 Valley Ranch Parkway, New Caney, TX, 77357 Part timeSep 22, 2020Developmental & Age Group CoachesOverview Issaquah Swim Team (IST) is a non-profit, board-run, year-round competitive swim team located in Issaquah, WA with over 300 members. Our mission is developing accomplished athletes and well-rounded individuals through competitive swimming. We strive to be the model swim club for athletes, families, and coaches in the Pacific Northwest. We are committed to athletic excellence while providing a positive, educative, healthy, and safe environment for all members. IST is searching for an energetic part-time coach to join us in developing our athletes and growing our program while teaching and modeling our core values of being swimmer centric, supporting life-long learning, having passionate coaches, following a philosophy of growth, and building community. You can find more information about our team here: https://www.teamunify.com/team/pnsist/page/team-info/missionvision Job Duties The part time coach will: Create and conduct workouts (approximately 3-10...Issaquah Swim Team Issaquah, WA, USA Part timeAug 27, 2020Stroke Clinic CoachJob Description For more information and to apply please visit our website at: https://www.elkgroveparks.org/employment-careers-jobs JOB SUMMARY Under the general supervision of the Aquatics Supervisor- Programs, the Stroke Clinic Coach is responsible for the safety, instruction and training of children participating in the Developmental Stroke Clinic. ESSENTIAL JOB FUNCTIONS Create and conduct daily practices based on a training regiment. Instruction of swimming skills needed for team participation. Provide feedback and demonstrations to swimmers regarding their technique and overall performance. Swipe in and out daily Performs the job safely and in compliance with district policies, procedures, work and safety rules. Be familiar with the safe operation of any equipment necessary in accomplishing required tasks. SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS Must work closely with co-workers. Must work around the general population. Responsible for the...Elk Grove Park District 1000 Wellington Avenue, Elk Grove Village, IL, USA Part timeAug 26, 2020Head Coach, Trident Aquatics Club (+ Brand New Aquatic Center!)Trident Aquatics, founded in 2014, has just opened our own brand new aquatic center in February and we’re growing our program! Our new home is 10 minutes north of Tulsa, in Owasso, OK. We are a relatively small club, approximately 60 swimmers, and as a matter of team culture, invest more time, focus, technology in fewer swimmers, rather than over-focus on headcount to make the program work. Our club is coach owned, and is financially stable. Our swimmers range in age from 6 to 19, and include novice swimmers on up to Olympic Trials qualifiers/National Team athletes. Most of our high school seniors aspire to swim in college, and we’ve had great success here. 7 of our 8 graduates this past year are on college rosters, DI,DII and DIII. We are seeking to add talent, experience and energy at the head and assistant coach levels to help us continue to develop swimmer performance, lead with principles and by example, and promote our team culture. Our new facility is 18,000 sq ft,...Trident Aquatics Club Owasso, OK, USA Full timeAug 18, 2020Division Lead CoachPosition Purpose: The Division Coach provides leadership, communication, and instruction to their directs and indirects within their division and works closely with their counterparts at other SwimMAC sites. The Division Coach is responsible for managing coaches' communication with parents and swimmers, entering swimmers correctly in meets/events (according to division philosophy), deck time, admin responsibilities, and incorporating the SwimMAC curriculum and policies. Responsibility & Essential Job Tasks: The division coach should ensure that their reports are educated, work within the SwimMAC team structure, embrace the SwimMAC curriculum, and abide by the SwimMAC policies and procedures. To ensure SwimMAC curriculum, philosophy, and policies are being followed by providing day-to-day management of directs and indirects. This management includes setting expectations, developing markers to measure improvements, providing feedback/ follow up, and...SwimMAC Carolina 9850 Providence Road, Charlotte, NC, USA Full timeAug 18, 202010 and Under Lead CoachPosition Purpose: The Lead Group Coach oversees the development and progression of swimmers at SwimMAC by planning, communicating, and executing daily workouts and duties following SwimMAC philosophies, season plans, and procedures while creating a positive growth/challenging learning environment. The coach will actively communicate with their peers, direct supervisor, swimmers, and their parents. All coaches will work within the SwimMAC team structure, embrace the SwimMAC curriculum, abide by the SwimMAC policies and procedures and work with other coaches/staff to support the SwimMAC vision, strategies, and values which include the following: Teamwork, Commitment, Integrity, Development, Leadership, and Excellence. Responsibility & Essential Job Tasks: Abide by the American Swimming Coaches Association Code of Ethics, the USA Swimming Code of Conduct, and SwimMAC policies and procedures. Lead and coach SwimMAC competitive practice group and any assigned...SwimMAC Carolina 9850 Providence Road, Charlotte, NC, USA Full timeAug 18, 2020Senior Level Lead CoachPosition Purpose: The Lead Group Coach oversees the development and progression of swimmers at SwimMAC by planning, communicating, and executing daily workouts and duties following SwimMAC philosophies, season plans, and procedures while creating a positive growth/challenging learning environment. The coach will actively communicate with their peers, direct supervisor, swimmers, and their parents. All coaches will work within the SwimMAC team structure, embrace the SwimMAC curriculum, abide by the SwimMAC policies and procedures and work with other coaches/staff to support the SwimMAC vision, strategies, and values which include the following: Teamwork, Commitment, Integrity, Development, Leadership, and Excellence. Responsibility & Essential Job Tasks: Abide by the American Swimming Coaches Association Code of Ethics, the USA Swimming Code of Conduct, and SwimMAC policies and procedures. Lead and coach SwimMAC competitive practice group and any assigned...SwimMAC Carolina 9850 Providence Road, Charlotte, NC, USA Full timeLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign in© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
