"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs8 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchEngineering Education Professional Services Health Care / Medical Manufacturing Construction Facilities Full timeRefine by CategoriesSales / Business Development (excluding Retail) (5) Marketing / PR / Advertising (1)Refine by Job TypePart time (1) Seasonal (1)Refine by CityRemote (3) South San Francisco (1) Sunnyvale (1)Email me jobs like thisMechanical Design EngineerAccuray Inc. Sunnyvale, CA, USAGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Senior Software EngineerAccuray Inc. RemoteGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Lead Solar Roofer$30.00 - $40.00 hourlyTeslaThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Solution EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Senior Front-End EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Full-Time Sanitation LeadDraeger's Supermarkets, Inc. 291 Utah Avenue, South San Francisco, CA, USADraeger’s Market – South San Francisco, CA 94080 Position: Draeger's Supermarkets, Inc is seeking a Sanitation Lead for our South San Francisco location. Rate of pay Depends on Experience This is a Second Shift position. Work Schedule: M – F 3:00 PM to 11:30 PM. Weekends may be required. OT sometimes required. This person will report to the Quality Assurance Manager. Principle Duties and Responsibilities (includes the following but not limited to): Ensure Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is use at all times by the Sanitation Team. Ensure Good Manufacturing Practices are followed by the Sanitation Team. Handle Master Sanitation in the facility. ATP and Allergen Swab Process Verification of areas with Critical Control Points. Responsible for Housekeeping in the facility. Ensure SSOP’s are followed by the Sanitation Team and provide support when needed. Help as a cover when employees...Jan 04, 2021Full timeDraeger’s Market – South San Francisco, CA 94080 Position: Draeger's Supermarkets, Inc is seeking a Sanitation Lead for our South San Francisco location. Rate of pay Depends on Experience This is a Second Shift position. Work Schedule: M – F 3:00 PM to 11:30 PM. Weekends may be required. OT sometimes required. This person will report to the Quality Assurance Manager. Principle Duties and Responsibilities (includes the following but not limited to): Ensure Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) is use at all times by the Sanitation Team. Ensure Good Manufacturing Practices are followed by the Sanitation Team. Handle Master Sanitation in the facility. ATP and Allergen Swab Process Verification of areas with Critical Control Points. Responsible for Housekeeping in the facility. Ensure SSOP’s are followed by the Sanitation Team and provide support when needed. Help as a cover when employees...Patient Engagement & Enrollment CoordinatorAACIAACI's Health Center is looking for a Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator to join our team! Join us in our mission to strengthening the hope and resilience of our community members by improving their health, mental health and well-being. About Job The Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator is responsible for internal and external outreach initiatives and activities to promote AACI health center services to community residents who lack access to health care and health insurance. This position is directly responsible for conducting patient engagement activities with the goal of increasing patient enrollment for AACI’s health centers. We provide our employees: 11 Paid Holidays and your Birthday off! Paid Vacation and Sick time Comprehensive benefit plan with four Health Plan Options 403(b) Retirement Plan with match Professional development opportunities Eligibility for student loan repayment assistance AACI named...Jan 04, 2021Full timeAACI's Health Center is looking for a Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator to join our team! Join us in our mission to strengthening the hope and resilience of our community members by improving their health, mental health and well-being. About Job The Patient Engagement and Enrollment Coordinator is responsible for internal and external outreach initiatives and activities to promote AACI health center services to community residents who lack access to health care and health insurance. This position is directly responsible for conducting patient engagement activities with the goal of increasing patient enrollment for AACI’s health centers. We provide our employees: 11 Paid Holidays and your Birthday off! Paid Vacation and Sick time Comprehensive benefit plan with four Health Plan Options 403(b) Retirement Plan with match Professional development opportunities Eligibility for student loan repayment assistance AACI named...Manufacturing Associate I$16.05 - $18.00 hourlyHitachi Chemical Diagnostics, Inc.The OPTIGEN Manufacturing Associate I position is located in Mt. View, CA. This position will use current Good Manufacturing Practices to perform a variety of production line tasks to include part assembly, labeling, packaging, bottling, inspections, lot accountability and maintaining batch records to comply with regulatory requirements. Work is performed in a clean manufacturing environment. The incumbent will receive general instructions for routine work. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Perform routine visual inspection on in-process materials according to documented specifications Communicate effectively with co-workers and supervisor Communicate with supervisor and department lead regarding any excessive damaged or substandard assembly work and defective parts, tools, equipment, material or other conditions which hinder assembly process Respond in a timely manner to manufacturing needs. Maintain, operate, and troubleshoot...Dec 21, 2020Full time Part timeThe OPTIGEN Manufacturing Associate I position is located in Mt. View, CA. This position will use current Good Manufacturing Practices to perform a variety of production line tasks to include part assembly, labeling, packaging, bottling, inspections, lot accountability and maintaining batch records to comply with regulatory requirements. Work is performed in a clean manufacturing environment. The incumbent will receive general instructions for routine work. Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Perform routine visual inspection on in-process materials according to documented specifications Communicate effectively with co-workers and supervisor Communicate with supervisor and department lead regarding any excessive damaged or substandard assembly work and defective parts, tools, equipment, material or other conditions which hinder assembly process Respond in a timely manner to manufacturing needs. Maintain, operate, and troubleshoot...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
