"It Jobs & Vacancies | Apply Now | Randstad.co.ukYou need to enable JavaScript to run this app.randstadsearch jobsjob seekeremployersabout uscareer advicejoin randstadour officesmy randstadjob specialismsfind jobs in:construction & propertyeducationgraduatesocial careengineeringinternational teachingsalesithealthsecretarial & adminsee all jobscontact ussearch jobsjob seekerregister your CVareas of expertisecareer resourcesCV hubIR35coronavirus adviceemployersrequest a call backareas of expertiserecruitment solutionsIR35NHS staff with Randstadtrainingmarket insightsabout usour historyour partnershipssocial responsibilitypress releasesAI principlescomplaintsour brand storysustainability at work reportcareer adviceall articleshow to write a cvinterview guidancesupport for temp workersworking from homejoin randstadsearch jobs at Randstadour historyhuman forwardrewards and benefitslearning and developmentcontact usour officesmy randstadmy randstadedit profileaccount settingslog outYou are successfully logged out of your my randstad accountcloseYou have successfully deleted your accountcloseclearclearsearch 9 jobsget job alerts for this searchsubscribed to job alertset a job alertGet notified by mail on all jobs that match your preferences.daily updatesweekly updatesmonthly updatesI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.confirm job alertthank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.9 jobs found in west london, londonsort:sort by ...daterelevancyfilter4sort by ...daterelevancyspecialism2working inspecialismconstruction & propertygraduateeducationitinternational teachingsocial carefinancial servicesengineeringsecretarial & adminaccountancy & financehealthhrsalescustomer serviceslegalmarketing & prsub specialismdevelopmentnetwork, systems & securityanalysis, intelligence & datamanagementjob categorysoftware developerweb developerbi developerphp developershow 9 jobsclear filterlocation1location & rangeuse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milesshow 9 jobsclear filterjob types0job typespermanentcontractshow 9 jobsclear filtersalary0salaryper hourper dayper yearshow 9 jobsclear filterclear allfiltersclear all2specialism1location0job type0salaryspecialismconstruction & propertygraduateeducationitinternational teachingsocial carefinancial servicesengineeringsecretarial & adminaccountancy & financehealthhrsalescustomer serviceslegalmarketing & prsub specialismdevelopmentnetwork, systems & securityanalysis, intelligence & datamanagementjob categorysoftware developerweb developerbi developerphp developeruse current locationselect a range5 miles10 miles25 miles50 milespermanentcontractper hourper dayper yearshow 0 jobsremote powerbi developerlondon, londoncontract£300 - £400 per dayrandstad technologiesGreat contract opportunity for a strong Power BI Developer. You will be providing BI development, advice and solution development using Microsoft Power BI, SQL, SSAS, SSRS and AzureMy client is based in London but they don't require you to report to the office but to work remotley.Rate: £300-£400 a day Required experience will include:Power BI, SQL (SQL Server), SSAS (Tabular), Data Visualisation and Design (Dashboards)Desirable: Azure If this Power BI role is of interest to you please respond to this email. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 4 january 2021Great contract opportunity for a strong Power BI Developer. You will be providing BI development, advice and solution development using Microsoft Power BI, SQL, SSAS, SSRS and AzureMy client is based in London but they don't require you to report to the office but to work remotley.Rate: £300-£400 a day Required experience will include:Power BI, SQL (SQL Server), SSAS (Tabular), Data Visualisation and Design (Dashboards)Desirable: Azure If this Power BI role is of interest to you please respond to this email. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailssoftware developerlondon, londonpermanent£50,000 - £65,000 per yearrandstad technologiesA client of mine are currently looking for a Software Developer to join their London based team as they rapidly expand for 2021.The Software Developer will help execute project roadmaps, plans and delivery commitments using technologies such as .NET, Python, and AWS. You will be accountable for code quality through code reviews and will have the opportunity to work frequently with international teams.Due to the nature of the projects, any experience with SaaS based ERP and accounting platforms (such as Microsoft AX) is highly desirable. While the Software Developer will be working closely with the international BI team where experience with SQL, SSIS, Tableau, etc is beneficial.Salary: £50000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 15 january 2021A client of mine are currently looking for a Software Developer to join their London based team as they rapidly expand for 2021.The Software Developer will help execute project roadmaps, plans and delivery commitments using technologies such as .NET, Python, and AWS. You will be accountable for code quality through code reviews and will have the opportunity to work frequently with international teams.Due to the nature of the projects, any experience with SaaS based ERP and accounting platforms (such as Microsoft AX) is highly desirable. While the Software Developer will be working closely with the international BI team where experience with SQL, SSIS, Tableau, etc is beneficial.Salary: £50000 - £65000Location: LondonPlease don't hesitate to apply if this role suits your skillset and you are currently open to hearing about new opportunities. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailssenior full stack developer (php & javascript) - home workinglondon, londonpermanent£55,000 - £62,500, per year, home working, bonus & pensionrandstad technologiesSenior Full Stack Developer (PHP & Javascript) - home working - £62,500A successful software & technology business is urgently seeking a new Senior Full Stack Developer to join their team. They encourage a healthy work / life balance so the role is almost 100% home based with team meetings just once a month in London.They deliver innovative online platforms that enable remote working so despite Covid they are still experiencing a big uplift in demand and they can offer you a secure, stable career opportunity. You will use your backend PHP and front end Javascript skills to deliver the next generation of their product platform - reengineering existing parts of the system and adding new functionality, analytics modules and plugins. As the successful candidate you must have:Experience as a Full Stack DeveloperStrong PHP skillsJavascript (they will consider Vanilla js or any framework - React, Node, Vue or Angular etc)MySqlHTML5 / CSS3 / SASS Any experience of the following would be an advantage, but not essential:Exposure to AWS - EC2/RDS/S3Experience of DockerExperience of TDDGit/Git-flow You will be rewarded with a package that includes:- Basic salary of circa £55,000 - £62,500 depending on skills and experience- 100% Home working. Team meetings just once a month in London.- Flexible working options- Pension- Bonus This is an urgent vacancy where the hiring manager is looking to shortlist for interview immediately. Please send a copy of your CV to me ASAP to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 22 december 2020Senior Full Stack Developer (PHP & Javascript) - home working - £62,500A successful software & technology business is urgently seeking a new Senior Full Stack Developer to join their team. They encourage a healthy work / life balance so the role is almost 100% home based with team meetings just once a month in London.They deliver innovative online platforms that enable remote working so despite Covid they are still experiencing a big uplift in demand and they can offer you a secure, stable career opportunity. You will use your backend PHP and front end Javascript skills to deliver the next generation of their product platform - reengineering existing parts of the system and adding new functionality, analytics modules and plugins. As the successful candidate you must have:Experience as a Full Stack DeveloperStrong PHP skillsJavascript (they will consider Vanilla js or any framework - React, Node, Vue or Angular etc)MySqlHTML5 / CSS3 / SASS Any experience of the following would be an advantage, but not essential:Exposure to AWS - EC2/RDS/S3Experience of DockerExperience of TDDGit/Git-flow You will be rewarded with a package that includes:- Basic salary of circa £55,000 - £62,500 depending on skills and experience- 100% Home working. Team meetings just once a month in London.- Flexible working options- Pension- Bonus This is an urgent vacancy where the hiring manager is looking to shortlist for interview immediately. Please send a copy of your CV to me ASAP to be considered. Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsremote - full stack developerlondon, londonpermanent£35,000 - £45,000 per yearrandstad technologiesPHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsintegration engineerlondon, londonpermanent£55,000 - £60,000 per yearrandstad technologiesIntegration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k paIntegration Engineer required for a global financial services organisation in Birmingham. They're looking for someone adept with JSON, REST APIs, and Oauth 2.0 to join their thriving and vital digital security team. The API & Gateway engineer will have a focus on continual approval and be responsible for the API gateway administration. Key skills:Strong knowledge of API Gateway manager and portalAPI Gateway set up and Oauth configurationGood understanding of JSON and RESTPrevious experience in a high traffic API environmentApproval, authorisation, authentication, loggin, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD)My client can offer a very competitive benefit package including a market leading pension plan and an up to 8% annual bonus. The role is 99% remote, with once monthly visits to offices in Solihull. If the above role sounds of interest then please respond to this advert with your most recent CV or reach out to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k pa Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k paIntegration Engineer required for a global financial services organisation in Birmingham. They're looking for someone adept with JSON, REST APIs, and Oauth 2.0 to join their thriving and vital digital security team. The API & Gateway engineer will have a focus on continual approval and be responsible for the API gateway administration. Key skills:Strong knowledge of API Gateway manager and portalAPI Gateway set up and Oauth configurationGood understanding of JSON and RESTPrevious experience in a high traffic API environmentApproval, authorisation, authentication, loggin, and continuous integration/continuous deployment (CI/CD)My client can offer a very competitive benefit package including a market leading pension plan and an up to 8% annual bonus. The role is 99% remote, with once monthly visits to offices in Solihull. If the above role sounds of interest then please respond to this advert with your most recent CV or reach out to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad Integration Engineer - Permanent - Remote (UK based) - £55-60k pa Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsdevops engineercity of london, londonpermanent£60,000 - £80,000 per yearrandstad technologiesDevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH)DevOps Engineer required for a leading AdTech organisation that provide applications for leading agencies in the advertising industry. They have been storming the adtech market for a few years now and have a strong development team with a passionate technology driven environment. The role has become available due to unprecedented demand and growth within the business. This role would suit a Software Developer looking to move into DevOps or a DevOps engineer with a development background. Key skills:-Comfortable working with the AWS Cloud platformExperience with DevOps toolsSoftware development experienceInfrastructure as codeCI/CDNode.JS/Python/TypescriptBenefits:-Competetive salary25 days holidayContributory PensionFlexible and remote workingHealth and Dental careThis role is offered on a remote/WFH basis. The expecation will be to visit the central London office once or twice a quarter for 'all-hands' meetings and social occasions. You must be eligible to work in the UK and sponsorship is not available.If the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. I have interview slots this week, and the client will be able to get someone started immediately if available.DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH) Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 19 january 2021DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH)DevOps Engineer required for a leading AdTech organisation that provide applications for leading agencies in the advertising industry. They have been storming the adtech market for a few years now and have a strong development team with a passionate technology driven environment. The role has become available due to unprecedented demand and growth within the business. This role would suit a Software Developer looking to move into DevOps or a DevOps engineer with a development background. Key skills:-Comfortable working with the AWS Cloud platformExperience with DevOps toolsSoftware development experienceInfrastructure as codeCI/CDNode.JS/Python/TypescriptBenefits:-Competetive salary25 days holidayContributory PensionFlexible and remote workingHealth and Dental careThis role is offered on a remote/WFH basis. The expecation will be to visit the central London office once or twice a quarter for 'all-hands' meetings and social occasions. You must be eligible to work in the UK and sponsorship is not available.If the above role sounds of interest, then please forward your up to date CV to Kyle Sotiris at Randstad for additional details and an initial telephone screening. I have interview slots this week, and the client will be able to get someone started immediately if available.DevOps Engineer - Perm - £60k-80k (DOE) - Central London - Remote (WFH) Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailsreact developerlondon, londoncontractcompetitiverandstad technologiesContract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechMy well known FinTech client and looking to bring in a JavaScript expert on an initial 6 month contract with the view to extend over 2 years, working fully remotely.You will be required to design the visual layout for websites or web based products with the goal of enhancing appeal to the user while maximising functionality. Experience required;- React (3+ years)- HTML, CSS, ES6- Experience designing and developing high-traffic websites- Test driven development- Continuous integration & Continuous deployment This role is an immediate requirement and interviews can be set up right away.Therefore if you are available or becoming so and want to work with one of the best technology basedfinance companies, please reply with your latest CV.Please be aware this role is PAYE, due to the client falling within IR35.Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechRandstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 7 january 2021Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechMy well known FinTech client and looking to bring in a JavaScript expert on an initial 6 month contract with the view to extend over 2 years, working fully remotely.You will be required to design the visual layout for websites or web based products with the goal of enhancing appeal to the user while maximising functionality. Experience required;- React (3+ years)- HTML, CSS, ES6- Experience designing and developing high-traffic websites- Test driven development- Continuous integration & Continuous deployment This role is an immediate requirement and interviews can be set up right away.Therefore if you are available or becoming so and want to work with one of the best technology basedfinance companies, please reply with your latest CV.Please be aware this role is PAYE, due to the client falling within IR35.Contract React Developer / PAYE / FinTechRandstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsqliksense developer - contract - londonlondon, londoncontract£425 - £435, per day, (PAYE)randstad technologiesQliksense Developer role. My clients are looking to get someone started quickly and are recruiting for an experienced Qliksense Developer who is immediately available. Location: London Based - (option for remote work) Length: 6-12 months + Rate: £425 (PAYE) Requirements:5+ years' experience in design and development on QlikSense/QlikView.2+ years' experience using ETL Processes through Qlik.Experience using Git.Experience with complicated section access. Randstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.posted 13 january 2021Qliksense Developer role. My clients are looking to get someone started quickly and are recruiting for an experienced Qliksense Developer who is immediately available. Location: London Based - (option for remote work) Length: 6-12 months + Rate: £425 (PAYE) Requirements:5+ years' experience in design and development on QlikSense/QlikView.2+ years' experience using ETL Processes through Qlik.Experience using Git.Experience with complicated section access. Randstad Technologies is acting as an Employment Business in relation to this vacancy.show job detailsfull stack php developerlondon, londonpermanent£35,000 - £45,000 per yearrandstad technologiesPHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.posted 13 january 2021PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad are pleased to be partnered with an exciting startup, who're looking to expand further, going into 2021.They're highly talented and driven individuals, with a strong team culture. The current team consists of 8 people in total and intends on growing to 12 as soon as possible.Purpose of the job:We're looking for a strong PHP developer to work across their web platform. The successful candidate must have some previous experience in HTML/CSS and JS. The candidate will join the platform development team to progress forward their dev roadmap. The candidate will use Gitlab to manage their daily tasks, which will be delegated by the clients PM. As the developer, your code will be subject to code review and you will be expected to review colleagues' code also. During the course of the role, you will be expected to identify and raise issues, as well as suggest and implement improvements to the clients development workflow. The position is mostly remote, but (in normal times) the candidate will be expected to travel to our London office on occasion for team whiteboards.Skills required:Full stack web development with PHP, JavaScript & HTMLDeep understanding of PHP, especially with custom frameworks.A strong experience with MySQL databases4 years+ programming experienceGit (Gitlab experience would be great)Must be a self-starterStrong desire to build something and to work in an innovative, dynamic and fast paced companyNice to haves:Interest in Blockchain technologies.A Computer Science degreeReact Native & Node JS experience Our client is able to offer up to £45,000 for the right candidate. Please apply below for further details. PHP / Javascript / HTML / CSS Randstad Technologies Ltd is a leading specialist recruitment business for the IT industry. Please note that due to a high level of applications, we can only respond to applicants whose skills & qualifications are suitable for this position. No terminology in this advert is intended to discriminate against any of the protected characteristics that fall under the Equality Act 2010. For the purposes of the Conduct Regulations 2003, when advertising permanent vacancies we are acting as an Employment Agency, and when advertising temporary/contract vacancies we are acting as an Employment Business.show job detailslet similar jobs come to youWe will keep you updated when we have similar job postings.your email addressselect frequencyselect frequencydailyweeklymonthlysubmitI consent to the use of my information for the purpose of sending me job alerts.thank you for subscribing to your personalised job alerts.explore over 3802 jobs with randstad.construction & propertyconstruction (331)fm & maintenance (307)skilled trades & labour (223)all jobs (1052)educationsecondary (308)primary (307)special needs teaching (150)all jobs (880)international teachingsecondary (326)primary (94)early years (43)all jobs (480)graduatesales (361)business services (41)construction (6)all jobs (423)social caresocial care (392)social housing (6)all jobs (398)healthnursing (71)allied health (58)all jobs (129)engineeringautomotive (28)aerospace (21)fmcg (17)all jobs (97)manufacturingwarehouse (45)logistics (13)research and development (4)all jobs (62)It looks like you want to switch your language. This will reset your filters on your current job search.cancelproceedclosejob seekercoronavirus advicefind a jobareas of expertiseview all jobsaccountancy and financeconstruction & propertyeducationengineeringITrecruitmentsalessecretarial & adminsocial carebrexit informationIR35 updatessalary calculatorareas of expertiseaccountancy and financeconstruction & propertycustomer serviceseducationengineeringhealthinformation technology (it)recruitmentsalessecretarial & adminmarketing and premployersCOVID-19 guidelinesIR35 newsITbusiness supporteducationemployersengineeringfinancial serviceshealthsalessocial careour solutionstemporarypermanentMSPRPOonsiteoutplacementmarket insightsattracting & recruiting talentmanaging fulfilment at workemerging workforce trendsworkforce videosworkforce insightscareer advicecareer advicecareer guidancehow to write a cvtemp worker benefits and policiesbusiness supportconstruction & propertyengineeringinhouse servicesjobs at Randstadour current vacanciesnew to recruitmentcareersour specialismsreward & benefitsabout usour historyour sponsorshipssocial responsibilitypress releasesmodern slavery act transparency statementbusiness principlesour brand storyour officesrandstad worldwidejoin randstadquality policy statementgender pay gap Randstad UKsection 172 statementsterms & conditionscontact uscookiesyour datamisconduct reporting procedureprivacy noticeintellectual propertysite mapRandstad Solutions Limited, is a limited company registered in England and Wales with registered number 02389033.Our registered office is at 450 Capability Green. Luton, Bedfordshire, LU1 3LU.RANDSTAD, HUMAN FORWARD and SHAPING THE WORLD OF WORK are registered trademarks of Randstad N.V.© Randstad N.V. 2021"
