"Funding Circle UK Careers - Senior Engineering ManagerFunding Circle UK CareersSenior Engineering ManagerEngineering London, United KingdomApplyDescriptionWe want to help small businesses win. That’s why we’re here.We connect small business owners to investors – to create jobs, help families and power economies – because we believe that people are made to do more. And we want to help them.So, we created the leading online marketplace for small business loans. Our investors have lent £8.1 billion in 110,000 loans to 77,000 small business owners. In a single year, we unlocked 115,000 jobs and contributed £6.5 billion to the global economy. There’s never been a better time to join!Be part of the team that changes everything. Let’s build the place where small businesses can get the funding they need to win and leave a legacy behind, forever.This role sits within the “Tech and Data” team. The drivers behind our platform – brilliant people working together to create, code, and build the next game changers.What will you be doing?The driving force behind the world’s leading platform for small business lending is our engineering team. We are a diverse group from more than 25 different countries and cultures who bring together a wide range of backgrounds and experience (from music to aerospace engineering).We are focused entirely on using technology to provide the best experience for our borrowers and investors. We are doing this by building elegant, sustainable, and scalable solutions that can be applied globally. We work in small agile teams practicing continuous integration, TDD and are no strangers to pairing as we believe that working together is smarter than sitting in silos.Be a team builder: you’ll build, manage, and mentor software engineering teams of 6+ engineers with increasing responsibilities. You will create the engineering structure to scale and grow with the values of the company.Be a driver: you’ll drive company and project goals, prioritise resources, and ensure timely delivery. You’ll implement effective engineering processes, technology, and policies for sustained growth.Be a Funding Circle Rep: you’ll represent Funding Circle engineering and management at industry events, and help grow our brand within the community.Be a collaborator: you’ll forge deep bonds with your business counterparts, understanding their needs and sharing ownership of their outcomes.Be a teacher: be generous with your time and expertise to teach stakeholders and fellow engineers how to answer their own questions.Are you:Experienced in management responsibilities such as building, leading, and mentoring engineering organisations.Experienced in delivering mission-critical, high-value products, and services.Familiar with Agile Methodologies with a focus on TDD.Experienced in working in a fast-paced and rapidly growing environment.Familiar with functional programming languages, specifically Clojure.Experienced working in global companies with multiple geographies.Why should you join us?We’re gearing up for our biggest chapter yet – and it’s being driven by tech.That means full steam ahead working on our global platform and real challenges for you to noodle and solve – as we build new things, reimagine the stack and go after the greenfield.We believe that great ideas come from everywhere. So, there are no pigeonholes here. We keep it agile and open. Think big remits and huge ownership in a continuous learning environment. Close knit teams, with mentorships and global career opportunities. Everyone working together to make a genuine difference to small business owners, to us and to you.Join the team making it happen. Help us define long-term commitments and launch the next game changers – let’s build the incredible.It’s in our differences that we find our strengths.We celebrate and support the differences that make you, you. So we’re building a culture where difference is valued. We’re proud to be an equal opportunity workplace and affirmative action employer. We truly believe diversity makes us better. We particularly encourage applications from applicants from underrepresented backgrounds. We welcome applicants who may want to work flexibly.Want to Build The Incredible? We’d love to hear from you.#LI-AS1Tech01Apply Apply Later← Back to Current OpeningsShareLinkedIn Facebook Twitter EmailPowered by Jobvite"
