"News & Media Center | Anaheim, CA - Official WebsiteSkip to Main ContentCoronavirus Coronavirus: Anaheim Responds Click here for case count, news, resourcesCity HallOnline ServicesOur CommunityBusinessesI Want To...SearchHomeCity HallDepartmentsCity AdministrationNews & Media CenterNews & Media Center	City NewsYour waterWater is one of those services we don’t often pay much attention to, but when we turn on the faucet we expect it to be there for us. At Anaheim Public Utilities, we work hard to meet that expectation.	Read on...Anaheim budget deficit at $114M; city evaluating potential borrowing, additional cutsThe prolonged and ongoing coronavirus economic downturn has created a $114 million city budget deficit with Anaheim looking to borrowing, more cost cutting and any additional federal assistance to close the gap in coming months.	Read on...Keep Anaheim Safe: Fight COVID in All You DoWe don't need to tell anyone that coronavirus cases are spiking at an alarming rate. But starting this week, you'll start seeing a new public awareness campaign across Anaheim.	Read on...COVID-19 Testing: Christmas weekWith the holiday next week, many of our COVID-19 testing sites will be closed on Thursday and Friday and offering some alternative days.	Read on...A different holiday seasonIt brings us no joy to say the holiday season is very different this year.	Read on...Expanded COVID-19 testing now availableWalk-up COVID-19 testing is now available in west and east Anaheim.	Read on...Anaheim, Southern California under regional stay-at-home orderAnaheim, Orange County and all of Southern California are under a regional stay-at-home order as of 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, Dec. 6.	Read on...Regional stay-at-home order takes effect MondayAnaheim, Orange County and all of Southern California are under a regional stay-at-home order as of 11:59 p.m. on Sunday, Dec. 6.	Read on...Regional stay-at-home order imminentThe Southern California region, including Anaheim and Orange County, saw intensive-care bed availability fall below a critical 15 percent threshold on Friday. The region's ICU availability is 13.1 percent, down from 20.6 percent a day earlier.	Read on...COVID-19 Testing at Anaheim Convention CenterNo-cost COVID-19 is available Tuesdays through Fridays from noon to 7 p.m. and on Saturdays from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.	Read on...Walk-up COVID-19 testing available at Anaheim City HallAppointments are available at our walk-up COVID-19 testing kiosk at Anaheim City Hall. Available Mondays and Wednesdays.	Read on...Anaheim offers restaurant grants to ‘Take it Outdoors’Anaheim is offering grants to local restaurants who need help building or expanding outdoor dining space amid the ongoing coronavirus crisis.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Walk-up testing available at Anaheim City HallAppointments are now open for Anaheim's new walk-up COVID-19 testing kiosk at Anaheim City Hall. Available Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Mask giveaway at Convention Center testing site Oct. 14Anaheim is giving away free face masks to anyone who gets tested for COVID-19 at the Anaheim Convention Center on Wednesday, Oct. 14.	Read on...Applications open for Police Review BoardWe’re looking for a District 5 resident to add their voice to the discussion about policing in Anaheim, as we continue our efforts to strengthen ties between Anaheim Police and our community.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Emergency Rental Assistance Program reopensAnaheim is again offering assistance to struggling renters, reopening a second round of applications for the city’s Emergency Rental Assistance Program. Applications are open Sept. 30 through Oct. 14.	Read on...Anaheim approves historic plan to secure baseball, sell stadium site for $320M, transform landThe Anaheim City Council approved keeping Angels Baseball in the city through at least 2050, selling the city’s stadium and surrounding land for $320 million and seeing development of an urban village with homes, hotels, offices, jobs and public transit.	Read on...Anaheim considers plan to secure baseball, sell stadium site for $320M, transform landThe City Council tonight is set to consider a plan that would keep Angels Baseball in the city through at least 2050, sell the city’s stadium and land for $320 million, see development of an urban village with homes, hotels, offices, jobs, public transit.	Read on...Neighborhood healthcare center coming to PonderosaResidents near Ponderosa Park will soon have neighborhood access to the care they need thanks to a new St. Jude Neighborhood Health Center.	Read on...Addressing coronavirus: New website launches Oct. 1Anaheim’s coronavirus information hub is getting a makeover.	Read on...Orange County’s Mayors: ‘Mask up to open up OC!’If you thought masks weren’t cool in Orange County, think again. All of Orange County’s 34 mayors have teamed up to send a message to residents, businesses and visitors: “Mask up to open up OC!”	Read on...One week left for Census 2020: Fill yours out today!The deadline to fill out your Census 2020 form is Sept. 30, so be sure to get yours in on time. There’s a lot at stake for Anaheim.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim gives free masks to residentsResidents can get free face masks without leaving their car at Anaheim’s third drive-thru mask distribution event on Saturday, Sept. 26 from 8 a.m. to noon at Temple Beth Emet, 1770 W. Cerritos Ave.	Read on...Anaheim budget factors in coronavirus impacts while still serving communityAnaheim’s adopted budget for the next 12 months continues to provide for our community while reflecting the still unfolding impact of the coronavirus crisis on the city’s finances.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim to offer rebate for internet accessStarting next month, Anaheim residents can get help with their internet costs thanks to a new rebate program approved by the Anaheim City Council on Tuesday.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: New testing hours at Anaheim Convention CenterNo-cost COVID-19 tests will now be available on weekday evenings at Anaheim Convention Center. Starting Sept. 22, testing will be available Tuesdays through Fridays from noon to 7 p.m. and on Saturdays from 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.	Read on...Anaheim to host virtual town hall meetings on Angels Baseball proposalJoin us for a virtual Town Hall meeting via Zoom on Saturday, Sept. 24, from 5-6 p.m. to hear more information and ask any questions you might have on the proposed final-stage plan for the future of Angels Baseball in Anaheim.	Read on...It’s your downtown. Join us in making it even better.We have a vision to reimagine what we call the Center City Corridors, the area stretching along Anaheim Boulevard that includes our downtown. Once Anaheim bounces back, this will be a key plan to help the area not only recover, but thrive.	Read on...Anaheim to host virtual town hall meetings on Angels Baseball proposalJoin us for a virtual Town Hall meeting via Zoom on Saturday, Sept. 12, from 11 a.m. to noon to hear more information and ask any questions you might have on the proposed final-stage plan for the future of Angels Baseball in Anaheim.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim gives free masks to residentsResidents can get free face masks without leaving their car at Anaheim’s first-ever drive-thru mask distribution event on Sept. 16.	Read on...Anaheim to host virtual town hall meetings on Angels Baseball proposalJoin us for a virtual Town Hall meeting via Zoom on Tuesday, Sept. 8, from 5 to 6 p.m. to hear more information and ask any questions you might have on the proposed final-stage plan for the future of Angels Baseball in Anaheim.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Testing at Anaheim Convention Center continues through NovemberAfter two successful months of operating a no-cost, drive-thru COVID-19 testing site at the Anaheim Convention Center in July, Anaheim has partnered with the county of Orange to extend public testing through November.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim gives free masks to residentsResidents can get free face masks without leaving their car at Anaheim’s first-ever drive-thru mask distribution event on Sept. 9.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim adds $4 million for community, business reliefThe Anaheim City Council on Tuesday voted to spend an added $4 million to help residents and businesses impacted by the coronavirus crisis.	Read on...Anaheim affirms James Vanderpool as next city managerAnaheim’s City Council has approved an employment agreement with James Vanderpool to serve as Anaheim’s next city manager.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Public testing available at Anaheim Convention CenterAnaheim residents and those across Orange County can get no-cost, drive-thru COVID-19 testing at the Anaheim Convention Center Tuesday through Saturday.	Read on...Construction set to begin on Maxwell Dog ParkWork on Maxwell Dog Park is set to begin in August, following City Council approval on Tuesday of a construction contract for the project.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Public testing starts Wednesday at Anaheim Convention CenterAnaheim residents and those across Orange County will have access to drive-thru COVID-19 testing at the Anaheim Convention Center starting Wednesday, July 15.	Read on...Anaheim requires masks, face coveringsAnaheim has issued a citywide face covering requirement to support California's June 18 guidance on face coverings in public.	Read on...Anaheim begins gradual reopening of City HallWe began a gradual, phased reopening of City Hall on June 15. Now open are services on City Hall first and second floor and services on the first floor of Anaheim West Tower.	Read on...Plan for Honda Center site includes shopping, dining, entertainment, parksOC Vibe, a proposal from the Samueli Family, owners of the Anaheim Ducks and longtime operators of Honda Center, would see development of a thriving hub of sports and entertainment around the arena.	Read on...Anaheim budget factors in coronavirus impacts while still serving communityAnaheim’s adopted budget for the next 12 months continues to provide for our community while reflecting the still unfolding impact of the coronavirus crisis on the city’s finances.	Read on...Plan for Angel Stadium site includes renovated or new stadium, ballpark neighborhoods, moreA proposed 30-year master plan for the Angel Stadium of Anaheim site includes ballpark neighborhoods, parks, dining, shopping, hotels and workplaces. The plan also calls for renovation of the current stadium or the building of a new stadium.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Emergency Rental Assistance ProgramThe application period for the Emergency Rental Assistance Program is now closed. We expect to notify recipients in July.	Read on...Anaheim begins gradual reopening of City Hall June 15We plan to begin a gradual, phased reopening of City Hall on June 15. In this initial phase, we’ll be opening in-person services on the first and second floor of the building.	Read on...Anaheim’s initial proposed budget factors in coronavirus impacts while still serving communityAnaheim’s initial proposed budget for the upcoming 12 months continues to provide for our community while reflecting the potential impact of the coronavirus crisis on the city’s finances.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: One shelter staff, resident test positive, no other casesOne staff member and one resident at the La Mesa Emergency Shelter, a 102-bed facility run by Illumination Foundation, have tested positive for Covid-19, the infection caused by coronavirus.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: One shelter staff, resident test positive, residents testedOne staff member and one resident at the La Mesa Emergency Shelter, a 102-bed facility run by Illumination Foundation, have tested positive for Covid-19, the infection caused by coronavirus.	Read on...Citywide curfew liftedAnaheim is lifting the citywide curfew starting Thursday, June 4.	Read on...Citywide curfew June 3 at 9 p.m.Anaheim is implementing a citywide curfew starting Wednesday, June 3 at 9 p.m. through tomorrow at 5:30 a.m.	Read on...Citywide curfew June 2 at 9 p.m.Anaheim is implementing a citywide curfew starting Tuesday, June 2 at 9 p.m. through tomorrow at 5:30 a.m.	Read on...Citywide curfew June 1 at 6 p.m.Anaheim is implementing a citywide curfew starting Monday, June 1 at 6 p.m. through tomorrow at 5:30 a.m.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim offers help for struggling rentersAnaheim renters struggling with the economic impacts of the coronavirus crisis can now apply for assistance under Anaheim’s Community and Economic Recovery Plan.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim offers loans for struggling small businessesAnaheim small businesses struggling with the economic impacts of the coronavirus crisis can apply for a loan of up to $10,000 from the city of Anaheim to help retain employees, create jobs or meet day-to-day operating expenses.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: tennis, pickleball courts openCitywide tennis courts and pickleball courts open today, marking a welcome step in Anaheim’s recovery during the coronavirus crisis.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: tennis, pickleball courts openCitywide tennis courts and pickleball courts open today, marking a welcome step in Anaheim’s recovery during the coronavirus crisis.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim honors 2020 graduatesAnaheim will honor graduates and all promoting students of the class of 2020 from May 13 through May 30 at facilities throughout the city.	Read on...Anaheim approves timing changes for stadium process, speeding up $10M deposit, final closeAnaheim has approved timing changes for the pending sale of Angel Stadium of Anaheim. The changes approved Tuesday will move consideration of follow-up agreements from June to September while speeding up a $10 million deposit and a development plan.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim City Council approves emergency economic recovery planThe Anaheim City Council approved an economic recovery plan that could see up to $15 million in city spending to help seniors, the homeless, needy families and to promote business and the return of tourism and conventions when the time is right.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim City Council allocates added funding for renters, communityThe Anaheim City Council on Tuesday allocated an added $1 million for nonprofits serving residents in need and directed $3 million in assistance to help struggling renters as part of the Anaheim Community and Economic Recovery Plan.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: reopening Anaheim businessesWe know many businesses are eager to reopen, and Anaheim is eager to help you do so safely and responsibly. In Anaheim and Orange County, we continue to follow the governor’s stay-at-home order, which is moving toward gradual, limited reopening.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Food resourcesAnaheim is providing free grab and go meals and food bags for seniors and families in need during the coronavirus crisis.	Read on...Cannabis: What do you think?As it is now, city regulations prohibit the sale, commercial cultivation and processing of recreational or medical cannabis in Anaheim. We want to know your thoughts on whether we should legalize and license dispensaries or continue to ban them.	Read on...Anaheim makes city manager changeAnaheim’s City Council on Tuesday voted to make a change in the city manager position. Chris Zapata, who has held the position since July 2018, is stepping down. Greg Garcia, Anaheim’s deputy city manager, has been appointed as interim city manager.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: A different Easter and Passover celebrationIn a normal year, our parks would be places of celebration. But this isn’t a normal year. California’s stay at home order, and the Easter spirit of loving our neighbors, means we can’t have gatherings in parks this year.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: 49 shelter beds added for homeless womenAnaheim is adding 49 beds for homeless women in a temporary shelter operated by The Salvation Army at its Anaheim thrift store site.	Read on...Update: Shelter residents test negative after two staff members contract COVID-19Follow-up tests of 34 residents at the Anaheim Emergency Shelter, a 224-bed facility run by The Salvation Army, have tested negative for COVID-19 after two staff members were found to have the infection caused by coronavirus.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim Convention Center updateAnaheim Convention Center remains closed to the public while staff continues to work to reschedule events, book events for 2021 and beyond and play a leading role in the recovery of Anaheim’s visitor industry when the time is right.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Council approves emergency eviction moratoriumThe Anaheim City Council Tuesday approved an emergency moratorium on residential and commercial evictions for those impacted by the coronavirus outbreak.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Council to consider measure for impacted renters, businesses, landlordsAt the direction of Anaheim Mayor Harry Sidhu, the City Council will consider a measure to address impacted renters, business tenants and residential and commercial landlords at its teleconference meeting on Tuesday, March 24, at 5 p.m.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Council to hold virtual meeting March 24The Anaheim City Council will hold its regular meeting by teleconference on Tuesday, March 24, at 5 p.m.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Relaxed parking enforcementAs all of Anaheim comes together to address coronavirus, we are relaxing some enforcement of parking violations, including street sweeping, through March 31 (with the date being subject to update).	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Hall virtual services during closureWith the temporarily closure of City Hall and Anaheim West Tower at least through March 31, Anaheim will continue to provide critical and essential services for residents, businesses and visitors.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Hall closed to the publicOut of an abundance of caution, Anaheim is temporarily closing City Hall and Anaheim West Tower to the public starting March 18. City employees will still be on hand working to maintain essential services for our residents, businesses and visitors.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: City Council to hold emergency, virtual meeting March 16The Anaheim City Council will hold an emergency meeting by teleconference today, March 16, at 5 p.m. The Council will consider a declaration of a local emergency for the city of Anaheim in the face of the ongoing global coronavirus outbreak.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Big West basketball updateThe Big West Conference for men’s and women’s college basketball announced Tuesday that it will play upcoming games in Anaheim without spectators.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim Convention Center updateAnaheim Convention Center, owned and operated by the city of Anaheim, is closely tracking the coronavirus outbreak while following California guidelines and public health best practices for ongoing events.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Orange County updateThe Orange County Health Care Agency, which serves Anaheim and rest of our county, has reported two presumptive cases of coronavirus infection and is awaiting confirmation of testing results from the federal Centers for Disease Control.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: Anaheim readyWhile there are no coronavirus cases reported in our city, Anaheim continues to monitor the outbreak, consult with partner agencies and ready plans should we see cases here.	Read on...Changes coming to City Hall security: metal screeningStarting on March 2, Anaheim will begin enhanced security screening at City Hall.	Read on...Tracking coronavirus: no Anaheim casesAnaheim continues to follow the global coronavirus outbreak with no cases reported in our city.	Read on...Anaheim approves Senior Safety Net program for seniors struggling with housing costsAnaheim seniors struggling with housing costs can get emergency help and up to a year of rent assistance under a $645,000 program approved by Anaheim’s City Council on Tuesday.	Read on...Anaheim magazine winter 2020: Census 2020, Miss Anaheim Beautiful, the Big AThe winter 2020 issue of Anaheim magazine features a story about the 2020 Census, Miss Anaheim Beautiful Scholarship Program, what's next for the Big A and much more. Check it out.	Read on...Anaheim opens eighth and largest skate park for kids of Romneya neighborhoodThe kids of the Romneya neighborhood in north Anaheim are dropping in and grinding at our newest and largest skate park at Manzanita Park.	Read on...Coronavirus: no Anaheim casesAnaheim is following the global coronavirus outbreak with no cases reported in our city.	Read on...Anaheim extends leadership on homelessness, expands partnership with Salvation Army shelterSome 100 additional temporary homeless shelter beds are set to open in Anaheim in the next four months as part of Anaheim’s ongoing effort to address homelessness.	Read on...Anaheim extends leadership on homelessness; mayor’s ad hoc committee recommends added shelter bedsAn ad hoc committee led by Mayor Harry Sidhu is recommending City Council consideration and approval of a proposal supported by city staff that would add 101 beds to the Anaheim Emergency Shelter, operated by nonprofit partner The Salvation Army.	Read on...OC Black History Parade celebrates 40 yearsCelebrate 40 years of commemorating the history and contributions of African Americans in Orange County on Saturday, Feb. 1 at the annual Orange County Black History Parade & Cultural Faire in downtown Anaheim.	Read on...Anaheim approves historic sale agreement for Angel Stadium siteThe Anaheim City Council today approved a purchase and sale agreement for 153 acres of land including and around Angel Stadium of Anaheim as the first step in a three-step proposal for the future of baseball in the city.	Read on...Anaheim Council to consider first step in Angels proposal Dec. 20The Anaheim City Council will publicly consider a purchase and sale agreement for 153 acres of land around and including Angel Stadium of Anaheim at a special meeting on Dec. 20 at 2 p.m.	Read on...Big A 2050: informational open houseYou can learn more about the proposal for the future of baseball in Anaheim at a drop-in, informational open house.	Read on...Big A 2050: informational open houseYou can learn more about the proposal for the future of baseball in Anaheim at a drop-in, informational open house.	Read on...Proposal: Angels through 2050-plus, stadium, land sale, community benefitsA three-step proposed agreement would keep Angels Baseball in Anaheim through at least 2050, see a land and stadium sale valued at $325 million and potential development including affordable housing and parks.	Read on...City, Angels hold productive first meetingThe city of Anaheim and Angels Baseball LP met Friday for an initial discussion about the future of baseball in the city.	Read on...Anaheim statement on Valenzuela verdict, judgmentAnaheim disagrees with a verdict and $13.2 million judgment by a Los Angeles jury this week in a civil lawsuit filed against the city and three Anaheim Police personnel regarding a 2016 incident.	Read on...Anaheim magazine fall 2019: Muzeo exhibit, Halloween parade, Beach BoulevardThe fall 2019 issue of Anaheim magazine features a feature on a new Muzeo exhibit on Japanese incarceration, the annual Halloween Parade and much more. Check it out.	Read on...Original Northgate Market set to become youth center for young entrepreneurs, business peopleA historic downtown space that was the starting point for an iconic Anaheim businesses is set to continue serving the community as a youth learning center.	Read on...Free Anaheim Health & Citizenship Fair Sept. 21-22The annual Anaheim Health & Citizenship Fair, featuring free medical, dental and vision services, plus help becoming a U.S. citizen, is set for Sept. 21 and 22 at the Anaheim Convention Center.	Read on...Mayor Sidhu: Our approach to stadium negotiationsAnaheim has a once-in-a-generation chance to build on baseball in our city. Mayor Harry Sidhu, the City Council's designated representative for negotiations, outlines guiding principles with a focus on benefiting residents now and for years to come.	Read on...Stadium update: Mayor Sidhu named Council representative to city negotiating teamAnaheim’s City Council voted Tuesday to name Mayor Harry Sidhu as its representative on the city’s negotiating team working toward a new agreement with Angels Baseball.	Read on...Pat Russell named Anaheim Fire & Rescue chiefPat Russell, a 35-year fire service veteran including eight years as a deputy chief in Anaheim, has been named the next chief of Anaheim Fire & Rescue.	Read on...Anaheim magazine summer 2019: Fourth of July, fireworks, city budgetThe summer 2019 issue of Anaheim magazine features all things summer and Fourth of July. Check it out.	Read on...Anaheim’s proposed budget: dog park, fire station, other great things for residentsAnaheim’s proposed budget for the next 12 months will touch the daily lives of the city’s residents with $570 million dedicated to public safety and community services as well projects to better roads, utilities, parks, libraries and more.	Read on...Proposed west Anaheim shopping center takes step forward with updated plan, mayor's push39 Commons, a long-awaited shopping center plus homes planned for Beach Boulevard and Lincoln Avenue, could break ground in coming months with an updated plan for the center and a push by Mayor Harry Sidhu to move the project forward.	Read on...Mayor Sidhu: new day for baseball in AnaheimIt's a new day for baseball in Anaheim as we start work with the Angels, guided by a goal of an agreement that first benefits residents while also working for the team and fans, Mayor Harry Sidhu writes in today's Orange County Register.	Read on...Anaheim Packing House turns 100The iconic Anaheim Packing House in downtown's Ctr City is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year with a jam-packed citrus themed event on June 1.	Read on...Anaheim magazine spring 2019: Angels Baseball, Mobile Library, affordable housingAngels Baseball, Mobile Library, affordable housing — these are just a few of the stories you’ll find in the spring issue of Anaheim magazine, out now.	Read on...Anaheim Police share officer-involved shooting video, actions takenThe city of Anaheim and Anaheim Police Department took a major step Wednesday in sharing information about public safety with the release of video and details from an officer-involved shooting from July 2018.	Read on...Rancho La Paz owner rescinds rent increases, works with residents to find path forwardThe owner of the Rancho La Paz mobile home park in north Anaheim and neighboring Fullerton is rescinding rent increases and meeting with residents to find a workable way forward for everyone.	Read on...Anaheim’s 2018 State of the City will offer new ways for businesses to thrive, residents to connectMayor Tom Tait is set to announce initiatives to bring people together over a good meal and to better connect generations across Anaheim in the 2018 State of the City address on Feb. 6.	Read on...Mayor Harry Sidhu unveils $250 million investment initiative for Anaheim neighborhoodsCalling for a new Golden Age for Anaheim, Mayor Harry Sidhu in his inaugural State of the City address on Tuesday set out a bold initiative to invest $250 million in Anaheim neighborhoods in the next 10 years, with direct input from residents.	Read on...Mayor Sidhu's inaugural State of the City to unveil new ‘Golden Age’ for Anaheim neighborhoodsMayor Harry Sidhu on Tuesday is set to outline a bold plan to invest in and renew Anaheim’s neighborhoods, building on a legacy of economic development in service of the city’s residents and neighborhoods.	Read on...Anaheim completes La Mesa Emergency ShelterAnaheim, in partnership with Illumination Foundation, celebrated the completion Wednesday of the La Mesa Emergency Shelter, the third homeless shelter the city has opened in the past two months.	Read on...Report coyotesCoyotes are a fact of life. Realizing this, the city of Anaheim has created a management plan to help residents understand coyote behavior and how we can minimize our interactions with them.	Read on...Anaheim opens 224-bed homeless shelter with The Salvation ArmyJust 60 days after starting construction, the city of Anaheim and The Salvation Army today opened a new homeless shelter, offering beds and services to 224 people living in homelessness in Anaheim.	Read on...OC Black History Parade & Cultural Faire is Feb. 2Join us in downtown Anaheim on Saturday, Feb. 2 for an exciting celebration of culture and heritage at the 39th annual Orange County Black History Month Parade & Cultural Faire.	Read on...Anaheim extends Angels at stadium through 2020, allowing time for discussions on new leaseAnaheim’s City Council on Tuesday approved a 14-month extension for the Angels at the city-owned Angel Stadium of Anaheim, ensuring the team will play in Anaheim through 2020 and allowing time for both sides to talk about a new, potential long-term lease.	Read on...100 people transitioned from homelessness at Maxwell, La Palma ParksSome 100 people have moved from sidewalks and an alleyway at Maxwell and La Palma parks to an emergency homeless shelter, while spaces at and around the parks have been cleared, cleaned and restored.	Read on...Anaheim interim emergency shelter opens after 14-day build-out, serving those in needAnaheim has opened an interim emergency shelter in an astonishing 14 days and already is providing urgent help to those in need during the critical winter months.	Read on...Anaheim Shelter Plan: City considering alternative site for second temporary shelterAnaheim is looking at an alternative site in industrial east Anaheim as a potential second, temporary homeless shelter to open by early 2019.	Read on...Anaheim steps up efforts to address homelessness with additional parks staff, outreachAnaheim plans to spend up to $400,000 to address the impacts of homelessness on parks and other public spaces in the next few months as the city works to settle litigation and move forward on the next steps of a comprehensive homelessness plan.	Read on...Free medical care, citizenship help at annual Anaheim Health Fair & Citizenship ClinicMore than 1,000 Anaheim residents and others will get free healthcare and help becoming citizens at the 12th annual Anaheim Health Fair & Citizenship Clinic this weekend at the Anaheim Convention Center.	Read on...It’s Anaheim Night at the OC Auto Show as residents get in freeOpening night is Anaheim Night at the Orange County International Auto Show at the Anaheim Convention Center! Anaheim residents get in free on Thursday night, Oct. 4, as a “thank you” to the city that makes the OC International Auto Show happen each year.	Read on...Anaheim looks at homeless shelter proposal to address impacts on parks, streets, neighborhoodsAnaheim’s comprehensive efforts to address homelessness took a major step forward Friday with the announcement of a proposed 400-bed homeless care center known as Center of Hope.	Read on...Our Next Flag update: first-round finalistsWe’re making progressing on a new flag for Anaheim with nearly 20 community submissions under consideration as we work toward a final design our city can be proud of.	Read on...My city budget: how you can tune inIt’s that time of year again when our city leaders discuss and ultimately decide how to spend your tax dollars.	Read on...200-plus Anaheim employees, family give back in inaugural day of community serviceMore than 200 Anaheim city employees and their families came together on Saturday, May 12, for a day of volunteer community service benefiting seniors, veterans, students, neighborhoods and those in need.	Read on...Innovative jobs program for those seeking pathway from homelessness coming to Orange CountyGreat news for Anaheim’s ongoing work to provide pathways out of homelessness. Los Angeles-based nonprofit Chrysalis has announced plans to expand to Orange County.	Read on...Anaheim mayor, public works director visiting Puerto Rico as part of island’s rebuilding effortAnaheim Mayor Tom Tait and Public Works Director Rudy Emami are visiting Puerto Rico on Monday as part of a group of mainland mayors and officials offering expertise, experience and ongoing connection with counterparts on the rebuilding island.	Read on...Canyon Fire 2: near containment, no further updates unless conditions changeCanyon Fire 2 is nearing full containment with no further threats to neighborhoods as of Monday morning.	Read on...Evacuations lifted for east Anaheim neighborhoods impacted by Canyon Fire 2All Anaheim residents evacuated due to Canyon Fire 2 are clear to return to their homes at 7 p.m. Tuesday.	Read on...ANAHEIM FIRE & RESCUE’S COMMUNITY CARE RESPONSE UNIT IS FIRST IN CALIFORNIA Pilot Program Delivers NANAHEIM, CA - (July 15, 2015) - Anaheim Fire & Rescue, in collaboration with local key leaders in emergency services, have launched a new pilot program: the Community Care Response Unit (CCRU).	Read on...Traffic Advisory Today Near Honda Center for Dalai Lama VisitANAHEIM, CA - (July 5, 2015) - Please be advised of additional traffic around Honda Center today for the Dalai Lama visit and 80th birthday celebration. The event is scheduled from 12:00 - 3:30 p.m. To ensure a safe and smooth traffic flow	Read on...Fourth of July Safe and Sane Fireworks Available in Anaheim for First Time in 30 Years, Beginning ToANAHEIM, CA - (June 28, 2015) - For the first time in 30 years safe and sane fireworks are back in Anaheim, on sale at Honda Center beginning today at 12 noon. As voted by residents in last year’s June General Election, the Anaheim community can	Read on...Media Advisory: City Council To Consider Entertainment Tax PolicyANAHEIM, CA - (June 25, 2015) - The Anaheim City Council is expected to consider an entertainment tax policy for the Disneyland Resort at its July 7 meeting as Walt Disney Parks and Resorts evaluates a significant investment in its existing operations in	Read on...Fourth of July Safe and Sane Fireworks Available in Anaheim for First Time in 30 Years Sales and usaANAHEIM, CA - (June 18, 2015) - For the first time in 30 years safe and sane fireworks are back in Anaheim. As voted by residents in last year’s June General Election, the Anaheim community can	Read on...Anaheim City Council Approves Hotel Incentive ProgramThe Anaheim City Council tonight approved a resolution establishing a Hotel Incentive Program to encourage the development of four-diamond-quality hotels and the renovation of existing properties to four-diamond quality.	Read on...Anaheim City Council Approves Balanced Budget for Fiscal Year 2015/16Increases to General Fund allocations and Capital Improvement Plan support emphasis on public safety, community outreach and encouraging business growth.	Read on...ANAHEIM HONORS FLAG DAY WITH NEW HOMETOWN HEROES VIDEO AND COMMUNITY EVENTThe City of Anaheim is proud to honor Flag Day this Sunday by introducing a new segment in the City’s Hometown Heroes video series.	Read on...Outreach Campaign Invites Residents to ‘Shape Anaheim’s Future’ (Spanish)La ciudad de Anaheim está llevando a cabo una amplia campaña de alcance comunitario para que los residentes ayuden a determinar los límites que definirán los seis nuevos distritos electorales que darán forma a Anaheim a partir de 2016.	Read on...ANAHEIM PUBLIC UTILITIES HOSTS THE 2015 SAVE WATER EXPOAnaheim Public Utilities invites the community to learn more about saving water at the 2015 Save Water Expo. The event will be held on Saturday, June 6, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at ARTIC, the new transportation hub	Read on...RESIDENTS ENCOURAGED TO HELP DESIGN DISTRICT SHAPESANAHEIM, CA - (May 28, 2015) - Community meetings are being held to gather comments and ideas for drawing district boundaries. The Advisory Committee on Electoral Districts is reaching out to residents by meeting on various evenings	Read on...3-day event will offer complete dental and vision services and general health screenings to thousandThe 9th annual FREE Health Fair will take place this Friday – Sunday at the Anaheim Convention Center	Read on...ANAHEIM HONORS MEMORIAL DAY WITH LAUNCH OF HOMETOWN HEROES VIDEO SERIESAs our nation celebrates Memorial Day this weekend, the City of Anaheim would also like to salute local resident, WWII veteran and Bronze Star recipient Dr. William Kott by featuring him in the launch of the City’s new Hometown Heroes video series.	Read on...TRAFFIC ADVISORY FOR THE ANAHEIM RESORT BEGINNING EARLY FRIDAY MORNING THRU THE WEEKEND, FOR THE DISPlease be advised of additional traffic in The Anaheim Resort this Friday morning and throughout the weekend as Disneyland Resort hosts its annual 24-hour day beginning Friday, May 22 at 6 a.m., as well as the kick-off for its 60th anniversary	Read on...ANAHEIM CITY COUNCIL LIMITS LANDSCAPE WATERING TO TWO DAYS A WEEKThe Anaheim City Council has approved an ordinance to restrict landscape watering to two days per week, in an effort to reduce daily water use during the ongoing drought.	Read on...ANAHEIM PUBLIC WORKS DIRECTOR NATALIE MEEKS NAMED APWA 2015 TOP TEN PUBLIC WORKS LEADERAnaheim Public Works Director Natalie Meeks was recently named as a 2015 Top Ten Public Works Leaders of the Year by the American Public Works Association	Read on...ANAHEIM AND CHICAGO MAYORS ENGAGE IN FRIENDLY WAGER DURING NHL PLAYOFFSAnaheim Mayor Tom Tait and Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel agreed to a friendly wager as the Anaheim Ducks and Chicago Blackhawks open the Western Conference Finals of the 2015 Stanley Cup Playoffs today at Honda Center.	Read on...COMMUNITY INVITED TO SHAPE ANAHEIM’S FUTURE AND PROVIDE INPUT TO DRAW CITY COUNCIL DISTRICTSAnaheim residents are encouraged to participate in community meetings and Shape Anaheim’s Future. Anaheim’s current At-Large electoral system will, for the first time, change to a By-District system made up of six districts.	Read on...Temporary Road Closures, May 9-10, For Tinker Bell Half Marathon WeekendRunners, joggers and walkers will take to the streets of Anaheim on Saturday and Sunday mornings, May 9-10, during the 2015 Tinker Bell Half Marathon Weekend. The Tinker Bell Half Marathon Weekend, taking place Thursday – Sunday, May 7-10	Read on...May the 4th Be With You!Recently, thousands of guests from a galaxy far, far away visited Anaheim for the four-day 2015 Star Wars Celebration event, held at the Anaheim Convention Center. They offered their greetings to be shared with residents on this very special day, May 4th.	Read on...Anaheim and Calgary Mayors Engage in Friendly Wager During NHL PlayoffsAnaheim Mayor Tom Tait and Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi agreed to a friendly wager as the Anaheim Ducks and Calgary Flames go head-to-head in the second round of the 2015 Stanley Cup Playoffs.	Read on...Anaheim Water Conservation Poster Contest Winners to be Honored at Angel Stadium of AnaheimIn celebration of May being Water Awareness Month, Anaheim Public Utilities and Angels Baseball will honor the winners of the 25th Annual Water Conservation Poster Contest at Angel Stadium of Anaheim	Read on...Anaheim Approves New City Planning DirectorDavid Belmer will join the City of Anaheim as Planning Director, effective May 26, it was approved and announced at Tuesday night’s City Council meeting. Belmer brings more than 25 years of experience in municipal government	Read on...ANAHEIM’S 9TH ANNUAL FREE HEALTH FAIR MAY 29-31 3-day eventANAHEIM, CA - (April 22, 2015) - Through dynamic partnerships with Remote Area Medical (RAM) California, GBS Linens, Inc. and Anekant Community Center, along with invaluable community sponsorship	Read on...Cinco De MayoANAHEIM, CA - (April 27, 2015) - Food, games, carnival rides and music will be part of the annual family-friendly Cinco de Mayo Fiesta and Carnival in Anaheim, taking place April 30 – May 3 at La Palma Park in Anaheim.	Read on...ANAHEIM CONVENTION CENTER BREAKS GROUND ON SEVENTH EXPANSIONANAHEIM, CA - (April 21, 2015) - The City of Anaheim today broke ground on the seventh expansion to the world-famous Anaheim Convention Center, for a significant construction project that will add more meeting space, more economic impact	Read on...REMEMBERING JACKIE ROBINSON’S VISIT TO ANAHEIM, ON MLB’S JACKIE ROBINSON DAYANAHEIM, CA - (April 15, 2015) - As Major League Baseball and America remember the late Baseball Hall of Famer Jackie Robinson today, the City of Anaheim is proud to recall when Robinson spent time in Anaheim to film his biographical movie	Read on...MIRALOMA PARK AND FAMILY RESOURCE CENTER GRAND OPENING CELEBRATION SET FOR APRIL 11ANAHEIM, CA - (April 6, 2015) - The Miraloma Park and Family Resource Center in Anaheim’s Park Lane neighborhood is set to open on Saturday, April 11 at 11 a.m., and the entire community is welcome to join the grand opening celebration.Read on...>> View All/CivicAlerts.aspxPublic Safety NewsMurder InvestigationANAHEIM, CALIF (January 25, 2020) – On Sunday, January 24, 2021, at about 7:37 pm, Anaheim Police Department officers responded to a report of a shooting at Abby’s Anaheimer Inn, located at 1201 W. Katella Avenue in the City of Anaheim.	Read on...Murder/Suicide InvestigationANAHEIM, CALIF (January 2, 2020) – On Thursday, December 31, 2020, the bodies of 27-year-old Ricardo Pedro Valenzuela and 24-year-old Samantha Lee Price were located in their Anaheim residence in the 3000 block of W. Del Monte Drive.	Read on...Homicide / Victim ID and Suspect ArrestedANAHEIM, Calif. (December 24, 2020) – On Tuesday, December 22, 2020, just after 1:30 pm, Anaheim Police Department Officers responded to the 2000 block of E. Via Burton Street regarding a shooting.	Read on...Arresto de Sospechoso de Violacion Sexual se Buscan Posibles Victimas AdicionalesANAHEIM, California (22 de diciembre del 2020) - El martes 21 de diciembre del 2020, detectives de la unidad de asalto sexual del Departamento de Policía de Anaheim arrestaron a Leopoldo García.	Read on...Rape Suspect Arrest – Attempt to Identify Additional VictimsANAHEIM, Calif. (December 22, 2020) – On Tuesday, December 21, 2020, Anaheim Police Department Sexual Assault Detectives arrested 69-year-old Anaheim resident, Leopoldo Garcia, aka “Leo” or “Curandero”, for the rape of an adult female victim.	Read on...Arrests Made in Sahara Theatre ShootingANAHEIM, Calif. (December 17, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department has arrested three suspects in connection with the October 31, 2020 drive-by shooting at the Sahara Theatre which wounded multiple victims.	Read on...DUI/Driver's License CheckpointANAHEIM, Calif. (December 16, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver’s License Checkpoint Friday, December 18, 2020 near La Palma Avenue and Harbor Boulevard between the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 1:00 A.M.	Read on...DUI/Driver's License CheckpointANAHEIM, Calif. (November 25, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver’s License Checkpoint Friday, November 27, 2020 near Beach Boulevard and Orange Avenue between the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 1:00 A.M.	Read on...ANAHEIM Police Identify La Habra Man Stabbed to Death in Bar Parking LotANAHEIM, Calif. (October 30, 2020) – At about 2:30 a.m. on Friday, October 30, Anaheim police responded to a bar parking lot in the 1700 block of S. Euclid Street to investigate a report of a stabbing.	Read on...Man Arrested for Felony Hit and Run Following Reckless Driving IncidentANAHEIM, CALIF (October 22, 2020) – A 19 year old Anaheim man was arrested for CVC 20001(A)– Felony Hit and Run, CVC 23104(B) – Felony Reckless Driving Causing Great Bodily Injury, and PC 245(a)(1) – Assault with a Deadly Weapon, non-firearm.	Read on...DUI/Driver's License CheckpointANAHEIM, Calif. (October 21, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver’s License Checkpoint Friday, October 23, 2020 near Euclid Street and La Palma Avenue between the hours of 8:00 P.M. and 3:00 A.M.	Read on...Caretaker Arrested for Rape of Severly Disabled PatientANAHEIM, Calif. (October 19, 2020) – Anaheim Police Department Sexual Assault Detectives have arrested a caretaker for the rape of a severely disabled female pateint.	Read on...Anaheim Police Arrest Man for Internet Café MurderANAHEIM, Calif. (October 15, 2020) – Homicide detectives have arrested 41-year-old Lionel Raphael Cruz of Santa Ana for the June 19 murder of a man inside an illegal internet café.	Read on...Anaheim PD/Alcohol Beverage Control Underage Decoy Alcohol Sales OperationANAHEIM, Calif. (October 12, 2020) – On September 30, 2020, Investigators with the Anaheim Police Department’s Vice Unit conducted a Shoulder Tap Operation within the City of Anaheim.	Read on...Anaheim PD/Alcohol Beverage Control Underage Decoy Alcohol Sales OperationANAHEIM, Calif. (October 6, 2020) – On September 23, 2020, Investigators with the Anaheim Police Department’s Vice Unit conducted a Minor Decoy Operation to check on compliance at off-sale alcohol retail establishments within the City of Anaheim.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Awarded Grant for Bicycle, Pedestrian Safety EducationAnaheim, Calif. – The Anaheim Police Department received a $63,000 grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS) that focuses on the safety of bicyclists and pedestrians.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Awarded Grant for Motorcycle Safety EducationAnaheim, Calif. – Anaheim Police Department received a $ 60,000 grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS) that focuses on the safety of motorcyclists.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Awarded Grant for Child Safety Seat Education ProgramAnaheim, Calif. – The Anaheim Police Department will help parents and caregivers keep their children as safe as possible in the car thanks to a $85,000 grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS).	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Awarded $469,000 Grant From the OTSAnaheim, Calif. – The safety of everyone traveling is the focus of a grant awarded to the Anaheim Police Department.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Awarded Grant to Improve Traffic Data ReportingAnaheim, Calif. – The Anaheim Police Department received a $28,000 grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS) to streamline processes to collect and report traffic data.	Read on...Anaheim Police Arrest Man for Murder of BrotherANAHEIM, Calif. (October 1, 2020) – At about 4 p.m. on Wednesday, September 30, Anaheim police responded to the 600 block of N. Zeyn St. to investigate a report of a shooting inside a house.	Read on...Anaheim Murder – Suspect IdentificationANAHEIM, Calif. (September 23, 2020) – At about 6:20 am, on Tuesday, September 22, 2020, 33-year-old Jose DeJesus Berrelleza, confronted a suspect who was in the act of stealing Berrelleza’s work van.	Read on...Anaheim Police Investigating MurderANAHEIM, Calif. (September 22, 2020) – At about 6:20 am, on Tuesday, September 22, 2020, an adult male victim in the area of 100 S. Melinda Circle in the City of Anaheim confronted a suspect who was in the act of stealing the victim’s vehicle.	Read on...Anaheim Police Investigate Gang-Related MurderANAHEIM, Calif. (September 18, 2020) – At about 4 p.m. on Thursday, September 17, Anaheim police responded to the 1800 block of W. Glen Avenue to investigate a report of a shooting	Read on...Homicide Suspects ArrestedANAHEIM, CALIF (September 6, 2020) – Anaheim Police Department Homicide Detectives have arrested two suspects for the September 5, 2020 murder of Rodolfo Alfredo Miranda. Both suspects were arrested in the City of Walnut without incident.	Read on...Homicide Victim IdentificationANAHEIM, CALIF (September 6, 2020) – The victim from the homicide occurring Saturday September 5, 2020, has been identified as 20-year-old, Anaheim resident Rodolfo Alfredo Miranda.	Read on...HomicideANAHEIM, CALIF (September 5, 2020) – On the afternoon of Saturday, September 5, 2020, at about 1:30 pm, the Anaheim Police Department received reports of a gunshot victim at the Candlewood Suites.	Read on...Fatal Officer Involved ShootingANAHEIM, CALIF (August 30, 2020) – On the evening of Saturday, August 29, 2020, just after 9:30 pm, in an attempt to locate 25-year-old Jesse David Nava, an Anaheim resident.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department to Recieve Grant to Fight Alcohol-Related HarmANAHEIM, CALIF (August 18, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department has been awarded a $73,900 grant from the California Alcoholic Beverage Control (ABC) to battle alcohol-related harm within the community.	Read on...Arrest of Murder SuspectANAHEIM, CALIF (August 17, 2020) – Anaheim homicide detectives have arrested 23-year-old Pablo Partida Aparicio, an Anaheim resident, for the March 2019, murder of 26-year-old Ayleen Morales, also of Anaheim.	Read on...Fatal Traffic Collision – Suspect BookingANAHEIM, Calif. (August 12, 2020) – The driver of Tuesday night’s fatal traffic collision has been identified as Courtney Pandolfi, a 40-year-old resident of the City of Garden Grove.	Read on...Fatal Traffic CollisionANAHEIM, Calif. (August 12, 2020) – On Thursday, August 11, 2020, at 7:36 pm, Anaheim Police officers responded to a major injury traffic collision on Katella Avenue near Bayless Street.	Read on...Man Arrested for Anaheim Murder After San Diego CrashANAHEIM, Calif. (August 2, 2020) – Anaheim homicide detectives have booked a 28-year-old Anaheim man for murder after he was involved in a traffic collision in the city of San Marcos on Friday.	Read on...Anaheim Police Arrest 2019 Homicide SuspectANAHEIM, Calif. (June 12, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Homicide Detail has arrested 30-year-old Brandon Norwood, an Anaheim resident, for the 2019 murder of Oscar Humberto Chunmichicoj.	Read on...Arrest of 2017 Homicide SuspectANAHEIM, Calif. (May 29, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Homicide Detail has arrested 36-year-old Jurupa Valley resident Luis Alberto Garcia Arias for the 2017 murder of Rafael Luna.	Read on...Suspect Sought for Felony Hit and Run CollisionANAHEIM, Calif. (May 26, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department is seeking the public’s assistance in identifying the driver of a vehicle who fled the scene of a traffic collision which injured a pedestrian.	Read on...DUI/Driver’s License CheckpointANAHEIM, Calif. (March 12, 2020) – The Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver’s License Checkpoint Friday, March 13, 2020 near La Palma Avenue and Blue Gum Street between the hours of 6:00 P.M. and 1:00 A.M.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Conducts Minor Decoy OperationANAHEIM, CALIF (March 13, 2018) The Anaheim Police Department’s Vice Unit conducted a Shoulder Tap Operation at six Anaheim locations on March 10, 2018.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Receives Grant for Special Traffic Enforcement and Crash PreventionANAHEIM, CA (Oct. 12, 2017) - The Anaheim Police Department (APD) has been awarded a $403,200 grant from the California Office of Traffic Safety (OTS) for a year-long program to augment the City’s ongoing commitment to promote and improve roadway safety.	Read on...DUI/DRIVER’S LICENSE CHECKPOINTANAHEIM, Calif. (Oct. 5, 2017) - The Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver’s License Checkpoint Friday October 6, 2017 on S State College Blvd. and Lincoln Ave. between the hours of 8:00 P.M. and 3:00 A.M.	Read on...Anaheim Police Department Join the 2017 Pink Patch ProjectThe Anaheim Police Department, along with over 110 other public safety agencies, is proud to announce their inaugural 2017 partnership with the Pink Patch Project. The program centers on vibrant pink versions of the Department’s uniform patch.	Read on...DUI/Driver's License CheckpointThe Anaheim Police Department Traffic Unit will be conducting a DUI/Driver's License Checkpoint Friday August 18, 2017 at the intersection of Lincoln and Monterey between the hours of 8:00 P.M. and 3:00 A.M.	Read on...APD SWAT Teams Serve Simultaneous Warrants Related to Gang Shooting - Suspected ArrestedLate Wednesday evening, Anaheim Police SWAT personnel, assisted by the Orange County Sheriff’s SWAT Team, served simultaneous search warrants at three Anaheim residences...	Read on...Two Alarm Fire Burns Seven Tractor Trailers35 Firefighters from Anaheim Fire & Rescue, Fullerton Fire Department, and Garden Grove Fire Department extinguished a fire in about one hour at a yard where numerous tractor trailers were stored.	Read on...Assault With a Deadly Weapon Suspect Fatally Shot in Officer Involved ShootingA suspect being sought for assault with a deadly weapon was fatally shot during a confrontation with Anaheim Police just after 9:00 pm Saturday night.	Read on...Suspect Arrested for Possession of Explosive MaterialsA 57 year old man is in custody after Anaheim Police officers found several pounds of dangerous materials in his room.	Read on...Anaheim Police Sponsor Gun Buy Back This SaturdayThis Saturday, July 9, 2016, the Anaheim Police Department will hold a gun buy back at La Palma Park.	Read on...Community Tip Leads to Seizure of Nearly 600 Pounds of Dangerous FireworksLast night, acting on a tip from a member of the community regarding the sale of dangerous fireworks, Anaheim Police Crime Task Force investigators completed a probation search at a residence in the 1500 block of E. Benmore Lane.	Read on...Presidential Candidate Visits to Anaheim Convention CenterANAHEIM, Calif. (May 23, 2016) - In an effort to facilitate media access to the Anaheim Convention Center for the planned visits of Presidential Candidates Bernie Sanders on Tuesday, May 24, 2016 and Donald Trump on Wednesday, May 25, 2016, the...	Read on...Anaheim Fire & Rescue to Use Cold Smoke for Wildland Fire TrainingBeginning Monday, March 14, 2016, Anaheim Fire & Rescue will engage in wildland fire training to prepare for the approaching wildland fire season.	Read on...>> View All/CivicAlerts.aspxCalendar of EventsJanuary 2021SunMonTueWedThuFriSat27 28 29 30 31 01 0203 04 05 06 07 08 0910 11 12 13 14 15 1617 18 19 20 21 22 2324 25 26 27 28 29 3031 01 02 03 04 05 06Tue Feb. 9Council MeetingTue Feb. 9VIRTUAL: Smart Gardening Series: The Busy Gardener-Month to Month (Adults)Wed Feb. 10VIRTUAL: The Power of Image: Race at the MoviesThu Feb. 11VIRTUAL: Adult Book Club at CentralView All/Calendar.aspxContact UsAnaheim City Hall and Anaheim Public UtilitiesMike Lyster, Chief Communications Officer(714) 765-4497 office(714) 686-4402 mobileEmailAnaheim Police Department and Anaheim Fire & RescueSgt. Shane Carringer, Public Safety Public Information Officer(714) 765-1989 office(714) 493-7541 mobileEmailContact City HallCity of AnaheimCity Hall200 S. Anaheim BlvdAnaheim, CA 92805(714) 765-4311EmailVideo CenterRecent Uploads2015 Anaheim/OC Job FairAnaheim Electoral Districting Meeting PSA 30Anaheim Electoral Districting Meeting PSA - Tiffany JohnsonImage does not exist	View morePress Release ArchiveACTV 3 ScheduleAnaheim at A GlanceCity Information and AlertsPublicationsTweets by @City_of_AnaheimCity of Anaheim- Municipal GovernmentPay Your BillSave a stamp and easily pay your bills online.TransparencyAccess key documents from the city.CoronavirusGet the latest updates and links to resourcesCareersView current job listings with the cityAnaheim AnytimeQuestions? Comments? Make a service request.Contact UsCity of Anaheim • 200 South Anaheim Boulevard • Anaheim, CA 92805 • Phone: 714-765-4311 • Dial 311Sign In • Home • Site Map • Accessibility • Privacy • Disability & Civil Rights ProgramGovernment Websites by CivicPlus®FacebookTwitterPinterestDeliciousBloggerLinkedInHomeMy AccountPrinter FriendlyEmail PageContact UsRSSSite MapTranslate PageNotificationsDocumentsArrow Left Arrow Right[]Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow"
