"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs15 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWarehouse Sales / Business Development (excluding Retail) Admin-Clerical Business Development Engineering Construction GovernmentRefine by CategoriesOther (3) Customer Service (2) General Labor (2) Health Care / Medical (2) Installation-Maint-Repair (2) Distribution-Shipping (1)Facilities (1) General Business (1) Manufacturing (1) Marketing / PR / Advertising (1) Nonprofit-Social Services (1) Skilled Trade / Craft (1) Project / Program Management (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (13) Part time (1) Contractor (1)Refine by CityRemote (9) Sunnyvale (3) San Francisco (1)Email me jobs like thisGreenskeeper$37.29 - $47.59 hourlyCity of Sunnyvale Sunnyvale, CA, USAThe City of Sunnyvale is actively seeking a Greenskeeper to plan, organize, direct and supervise crews involved in the maintenance, repair and renovation of the City's golf course properties; perform a variety of technical tasks and related work as required. Incumbents assist the Senior Greenskeeper in coordination of equipment and seasonal and special projects among all of the City's golf course properties. A complete application consists of a City application and responses to the supplemental questionnaire. The final filing date is February 9, 2021 at 5:00 pm . For complete information regarding this opportunity, please visit: Sunnyvale.ca.gov. $37.29 - $47.59 Hourly When applying, please note that you saw the job posted on the NOVA Job Board. If you need help with your resumé, please see a NOVA Career Advisor.Jan 25, 2021Full timeThe City of Sunnyvale is actively seeking a Greenskeeper to plan, organize, direct and supervise crews involved in the maintenance, repair and renovation of the City's golf course properties; perform a variety of technical tasks and related work as required. Incumbents assist the Senior Greenskeeper in coordination of equipment and seasonal and special projects among all of the City's golf course properties. A complete application consists of a City application and responses to the supplemental questionnaire. The final filing date is February 9, 2021 at 5:00 pm . For complete information regarding this opportunity, please visit: Sunnyvale.ca.gov. $37.29 - $47.59 Hourly When applying, please note that you saw the job posted on the NOVA Job Board. If you need help with your resumé, please see a NOVA Career Advisor.Staff Software Engineer Front-EndWilliams-Sonoma, Inc San Francisco, CA, USAAbout the Team The Williams-Sonoma ECommerce Engineering organization is seeking an energetic and talented Staff Software Engineer to help deliver high-value, high-quality features to our industry-leading eCommerce sites. At Williams-Sonoma, we build 6 of the retail industries leading websites -- Williams-Sonoma, west elm, Mark and Graham, and the Pottery Barn family. Engineers working at WSI get to work across the entire functional domain. The full-stack engineer will work to extend our beautiful front-end user experience all the way through to enterprise services that support personalization, order management, and other server-side features. About the Role As a Staff Software Engineer Front-End in the eCommerce organization, you'll join a Scrum team building features and automated tests of those features. You will be instrumental in building features within the Checkout and Customer domains. You'll work closely with other engineers and Product...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the Team The Williams-Sonoma ECommerce Engineering organization is seeking an energetic and talented Staff Software Engineer to help deliver high-value, high-quality features to our industry-leading eCommerce sites. At Williams-Sonoma, we build 6 of the retail industries leading websites -- Williams-Sonoma, west elm, Mark and Graham, and the Pottery Barn family. Engineers working at WSI get to work across the entire functional domain. The full-stack engineer will work to extend our beautiful front-end user experience all the way through to enterprise services that support personalization, order management, and other server-side features. About the Role As a Staff Software Engineer Front-End in the eCommerce organization, you'll join a Scrum team building features and automated tests of those features. You will be instrumental in building features within the Checkout and Customer domains. You'll work closely with other engineers and Product...Driver/Handyperson$22.00 hourlyManaging Moves & MoreAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...Jan 22, 2021Part timeAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...Senior Community Services Officer$41.43 - $52.88 hourlyCity of Sunnyvale Sunnyvale, CA, USAThe City of Sunnyvale is recruiting for the position of Senior Community Services Officer for the Department of Public Safety. The Senior Community Services Officer organizes, coordinates, and supervises the work of the Animal Control Unit to include Animal Control Officers in the field and office support personnel performing customer service functions; participates in the care and treatment of animals; participates in the field enforcement of animal control ordinances and regulations pertaining to domestic and wild animals that are stray, dangerous and/or pose a public nuisance; conducts humane investigations; and performs related duties as assigned. The Senior Community Services Officer is responsible for the training, coordinating, supervising and evaluating the work of field personnel who perform animal control and transport functions. This position requires an Associate's degree or 60 semester units or 90 quarter units from an accredited college or university with...Jan 22, 2021Full timeThe City of Sunnyvale is recruiting for the position of Senior Community Services Officer for the Department of Public Safety. The Senior Community Services Officer organizes, coordinates, and supervises the work of the Animal Control Unit to include Animal Control Officers in the field and office support personnel performing customer service functions; participates in the care and treatment of animals; participates in the field enforcement of animal control ordinances and regulations pertaining to domestic and wild animals that are stray, dangerous and/or pose a public nuisance; conducts humane investigations; and performs related duties as assigned. The Senior Community Services Officer is responsible for the training, coordinating, supervising and evaluating the work of field personnel who perform animal control and transport functions. This position requires an Associate's degree or 60 semester units or 90 quarter units from an accredited college or university with...Mechanical Design EngineerAccuray Inc. Sunnyvale, CA, USAGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Senior Software EngineerAccuray Inc. RemoteGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...REMOTE - EPI Interviewer Supervisor$63,000 - $67,000 yearlyPublic Health Institute RemotePosition Summary Public Health Institute , is hiring Contact Tracer Supervisors to support the Tracing Health Program to spearhead COVID-19 contact tracing. Public Health Institute (PHI) is organizing teams of community contact tracing staff across California as a key strategy for preventing further spread of COVID-19. The Contact Tracer Supervisor will supervise a team of seven to ten Contact Tracers who are working with COVID-19 patients to help them recall everyone with whom they have had close contact during the timeframe while they may have been infectious, then contact the individuals to let them know of their potential exposure, and connecting contacts with various services (including social support structures, testing, clinical care, etc.). The Contact Tracer Supervisor will track progress against target goals and provide supervision and mentorship to staff. This is a remote, time-limited position that is expected to last until approximately August 31, 2021 with...Jan 12, 2021ContractorPosition Summary Public Health Institute , is hiring Contact Tracer Supervisors to support the Tracing Health Program to spearhead COVID-19 contact tracing. Public Health Institute (PHI) is organizing teams of community contact tracing staff across California as a key strategy for preventing further spread of COVID-19. The Contact Tracer Supervisor will supervise a team of seven to ten Contact Tracers who are working with COVID-19 patients to help them recall everyone with whom they have had close contact during the timeframe while they may have been infectious, then contact the individuals to let them know of their potential exposure, and connecting contacts with various services (including social support structures, testing, clinical care, etc.). The Contact Tracer Supervisor will track progress against target goals and provide supervision and mentorship to staff. This is a remote, time-limited position that is expected to last until approximately August 31, 2021 with...Lead Solar Roofer$30.00 - $40.00 hourlyTeslaThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Solution EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Software Sales - Property & Casualty InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Software Sales - Life InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Software Sales - HealthcareUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Business Development RepresentativeUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Senior Front-End EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Business Development Representative Team Manager / LeadUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
