"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs8 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchWarehouse Automotive Construction Systems / Network / Internet Entry Level Engineering Marketing / PR / AdvertisingRefine by CategoriesSales / Business Development (excluding Retail) (5) Government (3) Other (3) Customer Service (2) General Labor (2) Health Care / Medical (2)Installation-Maint-Repair (2) Distribution-Shipping (1) Facilities (1) General Business (1) Manufacturing (1) Nonprofit-Social Services (1) Skilled Trade / Craft (1) Project / Program Management (1)MoreRefine by Job TypeFull time (7) Part time (1)Refine by CityRemote (4) San Francisco (1) Sunnyvale (1)Email me jobs like thisStaff Software Engineer Front-EndWilliams-Sonoma, Inc San Francisco, CA, USAAbout the Team The Williams-Sonoma ECommerce Engineering organization is seeking an energetic and talented Staff Software Engineer to help deliver high-value, high-quality features to our industry-leading eCommerce sites. At Williams-Sonoma, we build 6 of the retail industries leading websites -- Williams-Sonoma, west elm, Mark and Graham, and the Pottery Barn family. Engineers working at WSI get to work across the entire functional domain. The full-stack engineer will work to extend our beautiful front-end user experience all the way through to enterprise services that support personalization, order management, and other server-side features. About the Role As a Staff Software Engineer Front-End in the eCommerce organization, you'll join a Scrum team building features and automated tests of those features. You will be instrumental in building features within the Checkout and Customer domains. You'll work closely with other engineers and Product...Jan 25, 2021Full timeAbout the Team The Williams-Sonoma ECommerce Engineering organization is seeking an energetic and talented Staff Software Engineer to help deliver high-value, high-quality features to our industry-leading eCommerce sites. At Williams-Sonoma, we build 6 of the retail industries leading websites -- Williams-Sonoma, west elm, Mark and Graham, and the Pottery Barn family. Engineers working at WSI get to work across the entire functional domain. The full-stack engineer will work to extend our beautiful front-end user experience all the way through to enterprise services that support personalization, order management, and other server-side features. About the Role As a Staff Software Engineer Front-End in the eCommerce organization, you'll join a Scrum team building features and automated tests of those features. You will be instrumental in building features within the Checkout and Customer domains. You'll work closely with other engineers and Product...Driver/Handyperson$22.00 hourlyManaging Moves & MoreAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...Jan 22, 2021Part timeAre you looking for a part-time job offering flexible hours and working with a fun team that values caring and compassion for our clients? Do you like driving, being organized, and doing light handy-person work? We are seeking an organized, friendly, and energetic person to provide key logistical support to our Move Managers and Staging Manager. EXAMPLES OF DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: Load truck or van with packing/moving supplies and deliver to/from job sites, including clients’ homes and retirement communities Load household items for donation and deliver to various charities Load/unload smaller home-staging furniture and décor, and assist with placement Organize and maintain packing/moving supplies and home-staging furniture in company warehouse located in Santa Clara, CA Receive occasional deliveries at our warehouse Assemble and make minor repairs to furniture Do light handy-person work Other related duties...Mechanical Design EngineerAccuray Inc. Sunnyvale, CA, USAGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Senior Software EngineerAccuray Inc. RemoteGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Lead Solar Roofer$30.00 - $40.00 hourlyTeslaThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeThe Role: The Lead Solar Roofer will be part of Tesla’s Field Energy Operations team. As a leader at Tesla, the Lead Solar Roofer will continuously model to others Tesla standards and responsibilities including policy compliance, quality standards, and efficiency goals. The ideal candidate will work cooperatively with team members to successfully complete the installation and maintenance of energy products safely and on time. Responsibilities: Responsible onsite leader considered an expert in all aspects of energy system installation, responsible for mentoring and training crew members on new processes, concepts, and products Expert in installation and commissioning of energy systems on roofs including array layout, and mounting hardware based on site conditions and customers’ needs and expectations Able to guide and teach crew members on how to resolve equipment issues and failures onsite Ensures team members follow building standards and...Solution EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Senior Front-End EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Senior Product Marketing ManagerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. With cutting-edge Conversational AI and robotic process automation technologies, Ushur enables insurance, healthcare and financial service firms to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based and and powered by AI, Usher helps teams build truly automated and omni-channel experiences through our cutting-edge no-code platform. Fueled by our customer’s need to modernize and a growing demand for self-service customer experiences, we are experiencing unprecedented and exciting growth, with endless opportunities to make a positive, lasting impact for our customers! The Role We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Product Marketing to join our product team and have a direct impact on establishing Ushur as the leader in the Enterprise Automation Platform category. In this role, you will lead the GTM positioning, messaging and programs to drive awareness, and growth. You must...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. With cutting-edge Conversational AI and robotic process automation technologies, Ushur enables insurance, healthcare and financial service firms to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based and and powered by AI, Usher helps teams build truly automated and omni-channel experiences through our cutting-edge no-code platform. Fueled by our customer’s need to modernize and a growing demand for self-service customer experiences, we are experiencing unprecedented and exciting growth, with endless opportunities to make a positive, lasting impact for our customers! The Role We are looking for a Sr. Manager of Product Marketing to join our product team and have a direct impact on establishing Ushur as the leader in the Enterprise Automation Platform category. In this role, you will lead the GTM positioning, messaging and programs to drive awareness, and growth. You must...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
