"Jobs in Burnsville | Disability Solutions Career CenterCompaniesJobsPricingPost a JobContact UsSign inSign upCompaniesJobsPricingPost a JobContact UsModal titleCloseKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs71 jobs found in burnsvilleRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisAPPLIANCE REPAIR TECHNICIAN - LCL949 (Burnsville, MN)CenterPoint Energy Burnsville, MN, USAWhen you join CenterPoint Energy, we will: Instantly make you part of a family focused on making good customer experiences happen. Provide competitive compensation, benefits, paid time off, insurance and savings plans. Provide uniforms and specialty tools. Supply you with a company vehicle to service customers. Training to respond to utility related calls providing expanded opportunities and growth. Offer you the benefits you'd expect, plus some surprise perks you'll love. For Consideration: Completed an appliance repair diploma or associate degree program or have direct appliance repair work experience. Have a valid state driver's license and a safe driving record. Commit to a PAID training schedule where we give you the resources to be successful. Nice to have: Journeyman Gasfitter's Certificate of Competency Physical Requirements/Working Conditions: Able to exert up to 75 pounds of force occasionally. Work rotating...Oct 06, 2020When you join CenterPoint Energy, we will: Instantly make you part of a family focused on making good customer experiences happen. Provide competitive compensation, benefits, paid time off, insurance and savings plans. Provide uniforms and specialty tools. Supply you with a company vehicle to service customers. Training to respond to utility related calls providing expanded opportunities and growth. Offer you the benefits you'd expect, plus some surprise perks you'll love. For Consideration: Completed an appliance repair diploma or associate degree program or have direct appliance repair work experience. Have a valid state driver's license and a safe driving record. Commit to a PAID training schedule where we give you the resources to be successful. Nice to have: Journeyman Gasfitter's Certificate of Competency Physical Requirements/Working Conditions: Able to exert up to 75 pounds of force occasionally. Work rotating...Deliver with Uber Eats this WinterUber Eats Burnsville, NC 28714, USADeliver with Uber Eats this Winter Burnsville, NC 2854_442D79585B24EFBB1CC00241358B9A5DF144 Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends; it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning. No...Jan 27, 2021Deliver with Uber Eats this Winter Burnsville, NC 2854_442D79585B24EFBB1CC00241358B9A5DF144 Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends; it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You'll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver's License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning. No...Deliver with Uber EatsUber Eats Burnsville, NC 28714, USADeliver with Uber Eats Burnsville, NC 2854_442D72B8C4052A9DFDBFBDA39B83FC3C85BF Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning. No experience...Jan 27, 2021Deliver with Uber Eats Burnsville, NC 2854_442D72B8C4052A9DFDBFBDA39B83FC3C85BF Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning. No experience...Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber EatsUber Eats Burnsville, VA 24487, USAFlexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Warm Springs, VA 2854_442DC99984ACDCCD16DE08B17448939FA9DD Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start...Jan 27, 2021Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Warm Springs, VA 2854_442DC99984ACDCCD16DE08B17448939FA9DD Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start...Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber EatsUber Eats Burnsville, WV, USAFlexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Sand Fork, WV 2854_442D54916860CD244EAB24CA89DBC67AEB8C Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning....Jan 27, 2021Flexible Schedule - Deliver with Uber Eats Sand Fork, WV 2854_442D54916860CD244EAB24CA89DBC67AEB8C Deliver with Uber. Earn on your schedule. Work on your schedule. Deliver for a few hours in the mornings, every night, or just on weekends—it's up to you. Earn Good Money. You’ll earn by bringing people the food they love from local restaurants. Choose your wheels. Use your car, scooter, or bike to make deliveries. Delivery requirements Car delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a 2-door or 4-door car made after 2000 Have a valid driver's license, vehicle registration and vehicle insurance Have at least one year of driving experience in the U.S. Bike delivery: Be at least 18 years old Have a state-issued ID or Driver’s License When signing up be sure to choose 'Biking' under transportation method. Scooter delivery: Be at least 19 years old Have a valid driver's license and vehicle insurance Have a 2-wheel scooter made after 2000 Ready to get started? Sign up today and start earning....Cloud engineer (Remote)Thoughtwave Software and Solutions Burnsville,, MI, United StatesPosition Cloud engineer Type Contract Location 100 REMOTE Visa Only US Experience 9+ Years Client Internal Project with Microland Job Description We require APM related experience with AppDynamics andor Azure Monitor (or similar tools), plus .Net Development experience to be able to directly support the application developers in troubleshootingperformance activities. Must have 1.1.1 Scripting having knowledge and hands-on experience with Microsoft PowerShell and Linux shell scripting 1.1.2 Automation and Orchestration Knowledge and hands-on experience of any orchestration such as Cisco Process Orchestrator, vRealize or vCAC Automation Orchestration, or similar solutions. 1.1.3 Virtualization Having a good knowledge understanding of VMware virtualization platforms 1.1.4 Web Services, API, REST Understanding and having experience with leveraging web services (SOAP), different API endpoints including the usage of REST-based APIs 1.1.5 Operating System knowledge and hands-on...Jan 27, 2021Position Cloud engineer Type Contract Location 100 REMOTE Visa Only US Experience 9+ Years Client Internal Project with Microland Job Description We require APM related experience with AppDynamics andor Azure Monitor (or similar tools), plus .Net Development experience to be able to directly support the application developers in troubleshootingperformance activities. Must have 1.1.1 Scripting having knowledge and hands-on experience with Microsoft PowerShell and Linux shell scripting 1.1.2 Automation and Orchestration Knowledge and hands-on experience of any orchestration such as Cisco Process Orchestrator, vRealize or vCAC Automation Orchestration, or similar solutions. 1.1.3 Virtualization Having a good knowledge understanding of VMware virtualization platforms 1.1.4 Web Services, API, REST Understanding and having experience with leveraging web services (SOAP), different API endpoints including the usage of REST-based APIs 1.1.5 Operating System knowledge and hands-on...Warehousing WorkerFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Packaging RepresentativeFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....District ManagerMSC Industrial Supply Burnsville, MN, USAAIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 4399 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales / Business Development Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: The Regional Sales Director works with their direct manager on the execution of strategic initiatives, communication and implementing plans to develop a region and team. They will ensure maximum market growth and the creation/fostering of a high growth environment. Develops and directs Regional Sales team within assigned region to maximize utilization of market potential and...Jan 27, 2021AIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 4399 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales / Business Development Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: The Regional Sales Director works with their direct manager on the execution of strategic initiatives, communication and implementing plans to develop a region and team. They will ensure maximum market growth and the creation/fostering of a high growth environment. Develops and directs Regional Sales team within assigned region to maximize utilization of market potential and...Outside Sales RepresentativeMSC Industrial Supply Burnsville, MN, USAAIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 4402 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales / Business Development Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: The Regional Sales Manager (RSM) works to improve AIS’s customer position and achieve financial growth in medium and large manufacturing customers (with potential of >$250,000). The RSM aligns with AIS’s long-term strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies incremental business opportunities, increases share of wallet, negotiates and closes business deals,...Jan 27, 2021AIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 4402 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales / Business Development Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton BRIEF POSITION SUMMARY: The Regional Sales Manager (RSM) works to improve AIS’s customer position and achieve financial growth in medium and large manufacturing customers (with potential of >$250,000). The RSM aligns with AIS’s long-term strategic goals, builds key customer relationships, identifies incremental business opportunities, increases share of wallet, negotiates and closes business deals,...PackagerFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Warehouse AssistantFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Warehouse Package HandlerFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Package SorterFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Packaging PositionFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Snow ShovelerPeopleReady Burnsville, MN, USAAre you looking for immediate work and that makes an immediate positive impact? Do you enjoy working outdoors? We are now hiring for Snow Shovelers with multiple shifts available. Snow Shovelers will shovel snow into truck or open sewer from streets and other public thoroughfares. To remove snow a Snow Shoveler may be tasked with chopping ice and packed snow, using pick or ice-chopper, to clear area around catch basins, fire hydrants, and street corners. Clearing snow may also include spreading salt or thawing chemicals onto roadway from rear of moving truck, using a shovel. Responsibilities Include: Effectively using a snow shovel or ice chopper Working outdoors in appropriate safety and protective equipment Qualifications: There is no minimal educational requirement Strong work ethic Ability to lift up to 50 pounds Ability to bend and twistJan 27, 2021Are you looking for immediate work and that makes an immediate positive impact? Do you enjoy working outdoors? We are now hiring for Snow Shovelers with multiple shifts available. Snow Shovelers will shovel snow into truck or open sewer from streets and other public thoroughfares. To remove snow a Snow Shoveler may be tasked with chopping ice and packed snow, using pick or ice-chopper, to clear area around catch basins, fire hydrants, and street corners. Clearing snow may also include spreading salt or thawing chemicals onto roadway from rear of moving truck, using a shovel. Responsibilities Include: Effectively using a snow shovel or ice chopper Working outdoors in appropriate safety and protective equipment Qualifications: There is no minimal educational requirement Strong work ethic Ability to lift up to 50 pounds Ability to bend and twistPackaging ProfessionalFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Warehouse WorkerFedEx Ground Burnsville, MN, USAAuto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Jan 27, 2021Auto req ID: 263278BR Job Summary FedEx Ground is an essential business that needs people to help us support the economy, handling life-saving medications and other items that keep our communities as prepared as possible during these uncertain times. FedEx Ground will continue to hire for essential positions like this one. FedEx Ground is hiring part-time and full-time individuals to load and unload packages in our fast-paced warehouse environment. Part-time employees typically work a 2-4-hour shift per day. Full-time employees work approximately two shifts per day of varying lengths. Package Handlers are responsible for warehouse duties including: the physical loading, unloading and/or sorting of packages of varying sizes and weights by hand, including lifting, pushing, pulling, carrying, scanning, placing packages, as well as physical bending, twisting, kneeling and etc. in a safe and efficient manner. Shifts may vary depending on warehouse package volume and business needs....Account Manager- InsideMSC Industrial Supply Burnsville, MN, USAAIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 5291 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales Operations Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton – New customer, part, and program acquisition – 55% Manage flow of quotes from customers to sourcing. Includes determining if all information necessary to quote is provided Collaborate and set pricing on new program (VMI) quotes Determine inventory starting levels for new customer programs Act as program manager for new programs (VMI) won Includes managing cross functional team to ensure successful...Jan 27, 2021AIS is a leading production fastener company in the Midwest, providing MSC a solid growth platform for expansion in the OEM fasteners market and complements our fastener and VMI solutions, as well as our core metalworking and MRO business. Come join us as we continue to build a diverse and inclusive workplace. Requisition ID : 5291 Employment Type : Full Time Job Category : Sales Operations Work Location : New Brighton, MN (AIS) State or Province : Minnesota (US-MN) Potential Work Location : United States : Minnesota : New Brighton – New customer, part, and program acquisition – 55% Manage flow of quotes from customers to sourcing. Includes determining if all information necessary to quote is provided Collaborate and set pricing on new program (VMI) quotes Determine inventory starting levels for new customer programs Act as program manager for new programs (VMI) won Includes managing cross functional team to ensure successful...General LaborPeopleReady Burnsville, MN, USAAre you looking for immediate work and that makes an immediate positive impact? Are you the type of person who loves diversity in your work day? We are now hiring for General Labor with a real passion for working with their hands to chip in at clients' jobsites. General Labor can be found on almost all sites, performing a wide range of tasks from very easy to hazardous. They are at building, highway, and heavy construction sites; residential and commercial sites; tunnel and shaft excavations; and demolition sites. Many of the jobs they perform are physically strenuous and may require special training or experience. Other jobs require little skill and can be learned quickly. The job duties of a General Labor vary, sometimes even day-to-day at the same site. They may include cleaning and preparing a jobsite, loading and delivering materials; using different tools and machines, such as blowtorches; driving forklifts; reading levels; operating lifts; and manning power drills,...Jan 27, 2021Are you looking for immediate work and that makes an immediate positive impact? Are you the type of person who loves diversity in your work day? We are now hiring for General Labor with a real passion for working with their hands to chip in at clients' jobsites. General Labor can be found on almost all sites, performing a wide range of tasks from very easy to hazardous. They are at building, highway, and heavy construction sites; residential and commercial sites; tunnel and shaft excavations; and demolition sites. Many of the jobs they perform are physically strenuous and may require special training or experience. Other jobs require little skill and can be learned quickly. The job duties of a General Labor vary, sometimes even day-to-day at the same site. They may include cleaning and preparing a jobsite, loading and delivering materials; using different tools and machines, such as blowtorches; driving forklifts; reading levels; operating lifts; and manning power drills,...Load moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign inFacebookTwitterLinkedIn© 2012-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
