"Ten years since tenure denial « Economics Job Market RumorsEconomics Job Market RumorsChat (0)ConferencesRecently Announced18 Jan PEIO SeminarUpcoming18 Jan PEIO SeminarForumsEconomicsEconomics Discussion (822,979)Econometrics Discussion (51,577)Research / Journals (182,397)Political Economy & Economic Policy (209,684)From the blogs (45,136)Conferences (22,129)Questions from prospective grad students (115,969)Econ Lounge (163,967)Latest Research Discussion (23,952)Registered Users Forum (2,910)Teaching (36,970)Software and Programming for Research (13,838)Macroeconomics (18,798)Microeconomics (9,118)Job MarketFinance Job Rumors (317,390)General Economics Job Market Discussion (633,410)Micro Job Rumors (13,399)Macro Job Rumors (8,469)European Job Market (81,972)China Job Market (56,155)Industry Rumors (21,989)Off TopicOff Topic (2,129,002)Sport (81,567)Technology (51,376)Trash (47,083)Job MarketJob Market WikiEinaudi Institute for Economics and FinanceSt Edward UniversitySloanPeking U (School of Economics)Job Market CandidatesHydraChenPeivandiJournalsUpdatesHealth EconomicsGlobal Finance JournalIndustrial and Labor Relations ReviewEconomics BulletinJoinLog InCloseComplete CaptchaLoading..1 year - 41 posts	- Latest - RSSThread: 292 Goods vs 7 No GoodsEconomics Job Market Rumors » Job Market » General Economics Job Market DiscussionTen years since tenure denialEconomist7128Took me a couple of years to recover. Moved down a level of course. Spent a lot of time bemoaning my fate but eventually recognised that my reputation could exceed that of my institution. These days, I even get \"why are you still at (institution)\" once in awhile.The biggest shock was the quick exclusion - from the seminar circuit, conference keynotes, etc. all of which seem reserved for high-status players. I get it; if you announce that your speaker is from a crappy uni like mine, fewer people show up.What bothers me most though is how much harder it is to get research funding. Even with a couple of internal awards my budget is lower than it used to be at a \"top\" institution. Worse, the foundations are status chasers like you've never seen.On the bright side, I don't mind being left alone to focus on my research. I have enough HRM collaborators from my early career that my work still places OK, even if I am more of a backstage player.Do I still work hard? Sure, maybe harder than I did as an AP. Why not kick back and just enjoy the tenured 2-2 life? Dunno, maybe deep inside I'm still trying to prove something...if only to myself.Thanks for listening, despite the pathological verbosity.1 year ago # QUOTE 82 Jab 4 No Jab !Economist546eWe really shouldnt be letting that troll dictate our behavior.Do you get no grants at all?Thanks for listening, despite the pathological verbosity.1 year ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistb0fcI like your story. Base on what you wrote, I think I might like you as a person as well.1 year ago # QUOTE 4 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist18c2OP, How big a fall are we talking here? From say top 20 to top 100-ish?1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist9405I hear you.1 year ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf64fbiggest mistake during my phd is to not have realized how status-driven most people are. thought the the attention I got was because of myself, but in fact it was because of my school.Took me a couple of years to recover. Moved down a level of course. Spent a lot of time bemoaning my fate but eventually recognised that my reputation could exceed that of my institution. These days, I even get \"why are you still at (institution)\" once in awhile.The biggest shock was the quick exclusion - from the seminar circuit, conference keynotes, etc. all of which seem reserved for high-status players. I get it; if you announce that your speaker is from a crappy uni like mine, fewer people show up.What bothers me most though is how much harder it is to get research funding. Even with a couple of internal awards my budget is lower than it used to be at a \"top\" institution. Worse, the foundations are status chasers like you've never seen.On the bright side, I don't mind being left alone to focus on my research. I have enough HRM collaborators from my early career that my work still places OK, even if I am more of a backstage player.Do I still work hard? Sure, maybe harder than I did as an AP. Why not kick back and just enjoy the tenured 2-2 life? Dunno, maybe deep inside I'm still trying to prove something...if only to myself.Thanks for listening, despite the pathological verbosity.1 year ago # QUOTE 18 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7128Do you get no grants at all?I got one a couple years ago when my co_PI was HRM. But I have struck out on my own so far ..which could mean my research sucks, but my papers place well enough that I see a disconnect1 year ago # QUOTE 2 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7128>biggest mistake during my phd is to not have realized how status-driven most people are. thought the the attention I got was because of myself, but in fact it was because of my school.This. But I don't blame people or harbor resentment. There are so many papers out there; you need heuristics to decide what to pay attention to. I can even let the foundations off the hook given how many people are clamoring for their cash. I'm less sympathetic to referees who go easy on papers by big names or that were presented at NBER meetings.1 year ago # QUOTE 11 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7128OP, How big a fall are we talking here? From say top 20 to top 100-ish?Top 10 to top 50 would be a fair way to describe it.And to be fair, I still have some lingering, undeserved privilege from having been in the top tier previously.1 year ago # QUOTE 6 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistf64fThanks for explaining. I understand. I don’t have a tenure-track job and may not have one in the foreseeable future. I don’t hold grudges toward foundations or referees - merely anticipating an adjustment in expectations based on your post and my own belief TBH.>biggest mistake during my phd is to not have realized how status-driven most people are. thought the the attention I got was because of myself, but in fact it was because of my school.This. But I don't blame people or harbor resentment. There are so many papers out there; you need heuristics to decide what to pay attention to. I can even let the foundations off the hook given how many people are clamoring for their cash. I'm less sympathetic to referees who go easy on papers by big names or that were presented at NBER meetings.1 year ago # QUOTE 0 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist6358Wow, it’s astonishing that you feel discriminated against for being a faculty member at a top50... think about the lives of vlrm trying to get grants or publish something in top5 or top field journals.1 year ago # QUOTE 18 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista6feWow, it’s astonishing that you feel discriminated against for being a faculty member at a top50... think about the lives of vlrm trying to get grants or publish something in top5 or top field journals.The point is if it's bad at a top 50, it's worse for a vlrm.1 year ago # QUOTE 9 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist7128Wow, it’s astonishing that you feel discriminated against for being a faculty member at a top50... think about the lives of vlrm trying to get grants or publish something in top5 or top field journals.Agreed. Thats why I wroteAnd to be fair, I still have some lingering, undeserved privilege from having been in the top tier previously.1 year ago # QUOTE 6 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistc2c9Good thread, OP. Thank you for sharing your perspective. The obsessions with status and affiliation in economics are really unhealthy.1 year ago # QUOTE 12 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist32afgo to industry is the best decision1 year ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistce75btw i’m female. now are you surprised?biggest mistake during my phd is to not have realized how status-driven most people are. thought the the attention I got was because of myself, but in fact it was because of my school.Took me a couple of years to recover. Moved down a level of course. Spent a lot of time bemoaning my fate but eventually recognised that my reputation could exceed that of my institution. These days, I even get \"why are you still at (institution)\" once in awhile.The biggest shock was the quick exclusion - from the seminar circuit, conference keynotes, etc. all of which seem reserved for high-status players. I get it; if you announce that your speaker is from a crappy uni like mine, fewer people show up.What bothers me most though is how much harder it is to get research funding. Even with a couple of internal awards my budget is lower than it used to be at a \"top\" institution. Worse, the foundations are status chasers like you've never seen.On the bright side, I don't mind being left alone to focus on my research. I have enough HRM collaborators from my early career that my work still places OK, even if I am more of a backstage player.Do I still work hard? Sure, maybe harder than I did as an AP. Why not kick back and just enjoy the tenured 2-2 life? Dunno, maybe deep inside I'm still trying to prove something...if only to myself.Thanks for listening, despite the pathological verbosity.1 year ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 2 No Jab !Economist1d70No one cares about thatbtw i’m female. now are you surprised?biggest mistake during my phd is to not have realized how status-driven most people are. thought the the attention I got was because of myself, but in fact it was because of my school.Took me a couple of years to recover. Moved down a level of course. Spent a lot of time bemoaning my fate but eventually recognised that my reputation could exceed that of my institution. These days, I even get \"why are you still at (institution)\" once in awhile.The biggest shock was the quick exclusion - from the seminar circuit, conference keynotes, etc. all of which seem reserved for high-status players. I get it; if you announce that your speaker is from a crappy uni like mine, fewer people show up.What bothers me most though is how much harder it is to get research funding. Even with a couple of internal awards my budget is lower than it used to be at a \"top\" institution. Worse, the foundations are status chasers like you've never seen.On the bright side, I don't mind being left alone to focus on my research. I have enough HRM collaborators from my early career that my work still places OK, even if I am more of a backstage player.Do I still work hard? Sure, maybe harder than I did as an AP. Why not kick back and just enjoy the tenured 2-2 life? Dunno, maybe deep inside I'm still trying to prove something...if only to myself.Thanks for listening, despite the pathological verbosity.1 year ago # QUOTE 16 Jab 0 No Jab !Economist66abGood thread, OP. Thank you for sharing your perspective. The obsessions with status and affiliation in economics are really unhealthy.OP seems to still be obsessed with status. They have simply shifted their obsession from institutional status to status based on a \"reputation (that) could exceed that of my institution\".1 year ago # QUOTE 5 Jab 0 No Jab !Economista8aeI am not a status chaser. After getting my degree, I accepted an LRM job. My adviser told me to wait for a better offer but I didn’t care. Here I have very little research expectations, easy classes to teach, almost no preps by now. A little updating every once in a while. Instead of chasing dreams, I focused on living healthy, getting married, and building a low stress comfortable life with someone I love. I am happy this way. Oh, and I forgot, I got a B+ in Real Analysis.1 year ago # QUOTE 14 Jab 0 No Jab !Economistff1dJustin is that you pretending to be Betsey again?1 year ago # QUOTE 1 Jab 0 No Jab !123Next »Reply »Economics Job Market Rumors | Job Market | Conferences | Employers | Journal Submissions | Links | Privacy | Contact | Night ModeDefault Personality Textbook In the Club Rouge Mod Old Krug New Krug Kentucky NuSchool UKAP Sturmy Weather Not Brogues The Real Cambridge Lee Kuan Blue Beethoven Honkers Tokyo Drift Concert Hall Don't Pluck with the Chuck Troll Farm"
