"Job Application for Product Manager - Data & Security Products at GitHubApply NowProduct Manager - Data & Security Productsat GitHub (View all jobs)Remote - US / CanadaGitHub is changing the way the world builds and secures software, and we want you to help build GitHub!Our security products team works on tools that make it easy to find, fix and prevent security vulnerabilities, and are deploying them to millions of developers. We work to make consumption of open source software something that all developers can do with confidence. We want to make security of open source software as automated as possible so that the community can scale to secure all software.We’re looking for a Product Manager to lead Dependabot, a product that millions of users use to help protect their projects and their dependencies, as well as Security Advisories, which make it easier to report and notify users of vulnerabilities in open source.In this role, you will have the unique opportunity to work as a Product Manager with a globally distributed, diverse and a passionate team. You’ll work with a team of engineers to research, create and maintain features and experiences impacting millions of developers worldwide. You will also develop deeper expertise into GitHub’s software supply chain product features, evangelize their usage, and support our customers through their security journeys.Responsibilities:Own the product vision for a successful, widely-used product in the security space. Define the key customer pain points to be solved, and how GitHub will address these needs. Ensure that it aligns with the overall security product strategy and company vision, and help our customers succeed.Become an expert on the domain, market, and trends in the space. Evangelize your vision so all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going.Engage with security leaders at our top customers, identify opportunities to deliver value, and build relationships to better understand how to serve our users. Represent the customer and bring the customer’s voice into the creation process.Manage the roadmap. Make tough tactical prioritization decisions and tradeoffs while helping the company think long-term. Build trust with stakeholders by maintaining an understandable, accurate roadmap.Collaborate across teams. We win or lose as a team. Product managers play a critical role in creating alignment between engineering teams and stakeholders. A collaborative attitude is essential to the job.Use data to inform decision making. Analyze data for trends and potential customer pain points, and use this to prioritize and inform how to improve the product. Go back to the data when needed to answer questions.Measure success. Own the measures used to define success for your product. Success measures must be defined at the inception of a product and tracked throughout its lifecycle. Make measures visible to all stakeholders and interpret them into actionable conclusions and new hypotheses.Develop new opportunities. With your finger on the pulse of the market, the customers and the engineering teams, you are uniquely positioned to discover and develop new opportunities.Minimum Qualifications:3-5+ years of engineering, developer evangelism, product management, program management, or equivalent experience with demonstrated ability to discover opportunities and define and deliver products.Previous experience working with a software delivery team.Experience of building platform features across a product, deep understanding of administrator’s security needs in an enterprise.Experience building features for a cloud service at scale.Experience working across organizations with Sales, Marketing, Support, Product, Engineering and Design.Strong technical abilities including experience with developer tools.Familiarity with modern software development practices.Demonstrated ability to translate complex feedback into actionable priorities.Entrepreneurial thinking and the ability to act effectively with only high-level direction.Strong communication skills, with clear verbal communication as well as explicit and mindful written communication skills.Preferred Qualifications:Strong customer and stakeholder empathy and understanding.Strong analytical capabilities, to decompose complex structures and data into useful primitives and analyses.Demonstrated ability to lead multidisciplinary teams and projects.Previous experience with security products, teams, and processes.Previous experience with open source project development, use, and consumption.Willingness to travel anywhere to our developer communities, staying productive and professional on the road.Who We Are:GitHub is the developer company. We make it easier for developers to be developers: to work together, to solve challenging problems, and to create the world’s most important technologies. We foster a collaborative community that can come together—as individuals and in teams—to create the future of software and make a difference in the world.Leadership Principles:Customer Obsessed - Trust by Default - Ship to Learn - Own the Outcome - Growth Mindset - Global Product, Global Team - Anything is Possible - Practice KindnessWhy You Should Join:At GitHub, we constantly strive to create an environment that allows our employees (Hubbers) to do the best work of their lives. We've designed one of the coolest workspaces in San Francisco (HQ), where many Hubbers work, snack, and create daily. The rest of our Hubbers work remotely around the globe. Check out an updated list of where we can hire here: https://github.com/about/careers/remoteWe are also committed to keeping Hubbers healthy, motivated, focused and creative. We've designed our top-notch benefits program with these goals in mind. In a nutshell, we've built a place where we truly love working, we think you will too.GitHub is made up of people from a wide variety of backgrounds and lifestyles. We embrace diversity and invite applications from people of all walks of life. We don't discriminate against employees or applicants based on gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, race, religion, age, national origin, citizenship, disability, pregnancy status, veteran status, or any other differences. Also, if you have a disability, please let us know if there's any way we can make the interview process better for you; we're happy to accommodate!Please note that benefits vary by country. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to ask your Talent Partner.#LI-POSTApply for this Job* RequiredFirst Name *Last Name *Email *PhoneLocation (City) *Resume/CV *Drop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteCover LetterDrop files hereAttach Dropbox Google Drive PasteLinkedIn ProfileWebsiteGitHub ProfileAre you legally authorized to work in the United States or Canada (Alberta, British Columbia, Ontario, Quebec)? *-- Yes NoIf you answered yes, please provide more information and specify which country you are eligible to work in.Will you now or in the future require visa sponsorship for employment? *-- Yes NoIf you answered yes, please provide more information.Please provide your current location: *Why do you want to work at GitHub? *Why do you feel you would be a fit for this role? *How did you hear about this job? *Do you currently or have you ever worked for LinkedIn, Microsoft, or any of Microsoft's affiliates? *-- Yes NoIf yes, which company and in what capacity?U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Information (Completion is voluntary)Individuals seeking employment at GitHub are considered without regards to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, marital status, ancestry, physical or mental disability, veteran status, gender identity, or sexual orientation. You are being given the opportunity to provide the following information in order to help us comply with federal and state Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action record keeping, reporting, and other legal requirements.Completion of the form is entirely voluntary. Whatever your decision, it will not be considered in the hiring process or thereafter. Any information that you do provide will be recorded and maintained in a confidential file.Gender Please selectMale Female Decline To Self IdentifyAre you Hispanic/Latino? Please selectYes No Decline To Self IdentifyPlease identify your race Please selectAmerican Indian or Alaskan Native Asian Black or African American Hispanic or Latino White Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander Two or More Races Decline To Self IdentifyRace & Ethnicity DefinitionsIf you believe you belong to any of the categories of protected veterans listed below, please indicate by making the appropriate selection. As a government contractor subject to Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA), we request this information in order to measure the effectiveness of the outreach and positive recruitment efforts we undertake pursuant to VEVRAA. Classification of protected categories is as follows:A \"disabled veteran\" is one of the following: a veteran of the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service who is entitled to compensation (or who but for the receipt of military retired pay would be entitled to compensation) under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; or a person who was discharged or released from active duty because of a service-connected disability.A \"recently separated veteran\" means any veteran during the three-year period beginning on the date of such veteran's discharge or release from active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval, or air service.An \"active duty wartime or campaign badge veteran\" means a veteran who served on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service during a war, or in a campaign or expedition for which a campaign badge has been authorized under the laws administered by the Department of Defense.An \"Armed forces service medal veteran\" means a veteran who, while serving on active duty in the U.S. military, ground, naval or air service, participated in a United States military operation for which an Armed Forces service medal was awarded pursuant to Executive Order 12985.Veteran Status Please selectI am not a protected veteran I identify as one or more of the classifications of a protected veteran I don't wish to answerForm CC-305OMB Control Number 1250-0005Expires 05/31/2023Voluntary Self-Identification of DisabilityWhy are you being asked to complete this form?We are a federal contractor or subcontractor required by law to provide equal employment opportunity to qualified people with disabilities. We are also required to measure our progress toward having at least 7% of our workforce be individuals with disabilities. To do this, we must ask applicants and employees if they have a disability or have ever had a disability. Because a person may become disabled at any time, we ask all of our employees to update their information at least every five years.Identifying yourself as an individual with a disability is voluntary, and we hope that you will choose to do so. Your answer will be maintained confidentially and not be seen by selecting officials or anyone else involved in making personnel decisions. Completing the form will not negatively impact you in any way, regardless of whether you have self-identified in the past. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of federal contractors under Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act, visit the U.S. Department of Labor’s Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.How do you know if you have a disability?You are considered to have a disability if you have a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or if you have a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.Disabilities include, but are not limited to:AutismAutoimmune disorder, for example, lupus, fibromyalgia, rheumatoid arthritis, or HIV/AIDSBlind or low visionCancerCardiovascular or heart diseaseCeliac diseaseCerebral palsyDeaf or hard of hearingDepression or anxietyDiabetesEpilepsyGastrointestinal disorders, for example, Crohn's Disease, or irritable bowel syndromeIntellectual disabilityMissing limbs or partially missing limbsNervous system condition for example, migraine headaches, Parkinson’s disease, or Multiple sclerosis (MS)Psychiatric condition, for example, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, PTSD, or major depressionDisability Status Please selectYes, I have a disability, or have a history/record of having a disability No, I don't have a disability, or a history/record of having a disability I don't wish to answer1Section 503 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, as amended. For more information about this form or the equal employment obligations of Federal contractors, visit the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (OFCCP) website at www.dol.gov/ofccp.PUBLIC BURDEN STATEMENT: According to the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 no persons are required to respond to a collection of information unless such collection displays a valid OMB control number. This survey should take about 5 minutes to complete.GitHub has my consent to collect, store, and process my data for the purpose of considering me for employment, and for up to 365 days thereafter. *Powered byRead our Privacy Policy"
