"Job Listings at BerkleyBerkleyPlease Enable Cookies to ContinuePlease enable cookies in your browser to experience all the personalized features of this site, including the ability to apply for a job.Welcome page Welcome pageReturning Candidate?Log back in!Job ListingsHere are our current job openings. Please click on the job title for more information, and apply from that page if you are interested.Use this form to perform another job searchThe system cannot access your location for 1 of 2 reasons:Permission to access your location has been denied. Please reload the page and allow the browser to access your location information.Your location information has yet to be received. Please wait a moment then hit [Search] again.Start your job search hereCategory (All) Actuarial Administrative Audit Aviation Business Services Claims Compliance Executive/President Facilities/Maintenance Finance/Accounting Hourly/Temporary Positions Human Resources Information Technology Investments Legal Managed Care Operations Premium Audit Product Development Risk Assessment Risk Management Sales/Marketing Underwriting WRB Management - OperationsCompany (All) Virtual Acadia Insurance Admiral Insurance Group American Mining Insurance Berkley Accident and Health Berkley A&H – Special Risk Division Berkley Agribusiness Berkley Alliance Managers Berkley Alternative Markets Tech Berkley Aspire Berkley Asset Protection Berkley Canada Berkley Classics Berkley Construction Professionals Berkley Crime Berkley Custom Insurance Managers Berkley Cyber Risk Solutions Berkley Design Professional Underwriters Berkley Entertainment Berkley Environmental Berkley FinSecure Berkley Financial & Statutory Services Berkley Fire & Marine Underwriters Berkley Global Product Recall Management Berkley Healthcare Financial Lines Berkley Healthcare Berkley Human Services Berkley Industrial Comp Berkley Insurance Asia Hong Kong Berkley Insurance Asia Japan Berkley Insurance Asia Labuan Berkley Insurance Asia Singapore Berkley Insurance Australia Berkley International Puerto Rico Key Risk Berkley Latin America and Caribbean Managers Berkley Life Sciences Berkley Luxury Group Berkley Managers Insurance Services, LLC Berkley Medical Management Solutions Berkley Medical Excess Underwriters Berkley Mid-Atlantic Group Berkley Net Underwriters Berkley North Pacific Group Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers UK, Ltd Berkley Offshore Underwriting Managers Berkley Oil & Gas Berkley One Berkley Prime Transportation Berkley Professional Liability Berkley Program Specialists Berkley Public Entity Berkley Re America Berkley Re Australia Berkley Re Hong Kong Berkley Re Singapore Berkley Re Solutions Berkley Re U.K. Berkley Recreational Marine Berkley Risk Administrators Company Berkley Select Berkley Service Professional Underwriters Berkley Regional Marketplace Berkley Regional Shared Services Berkley Southeast Insurance Group Berkley Surety Berkley Technology Services Berkley Technology Services UK LLC Berkley Technology Underwriters BXM Insurance Services, Inc Carolina Casualty Insurance Group Continental Western Group Gemini Transportation Underwriters Global Underwriters Interlaken Capital Aviation Services Intrepid Direct Insurance Midwest Employers Casualty Nautilus Insurance Group Preferred Employers Insurance Specialty IT Services Steamboat Asset Management Union Standard Insurance Group Vela Insurance Services Verus Underwriting Managers W. R. Berkley Corporation W. R. Berkley Europe AG W. R. Berkley Europe AG Germany Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Norway Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Spain Branch W. R. Berkley Europe AG Sweden Branch W. R. Berkley European Services GmbH W. R. Berkley Spain SLU WRB Underwriting WRBC Development UK, Ltd WRBC Services, Limited WRBC Support ServicesLocation (All) UK-POST-LON-London US US-AL US-AL-Homewood US-AZ US-AZ-Scottsdale US-CA-Los Angeles US-CA-San Diego US-CA-Walnut Creek US-CO US-CO-Englewood US-CT-Greenwich US-CT-Rocky Hill US-CT-Stamford US-CT-West Hartford US-DC-Washington US-DE-Wilmington US-FL US-FL-Jacksonville US-FL-Miami US-GA-Alpharetta US-GA-Atlanta US-GA-Lawrenceville US-IA-Urbandale US-ID US-ID-Meridian US-IL-Chicago US-IL-Naperville US-IL-Schaumburg US-IN US-KS-Overland Park US-MA-Boston US-MA-Marlborough US-MD US-MD-Towson US-ME-Westbrook US-MN-MINNEAPOLIS US-MN-Saint Paul US-NC US-NC-Charlotte US-NC-Greensboro US-NH-Bedford US-NJ US-NJ-Ewing US-NJ-Hamilton Square US-NJ-Jersey City US-NJ-Morristown US-NJ-Mount Laurel US-NY US-NY-New York US-OH US-OH-Cincinnati US-OH-West Chester US-OR-Lake Oswego US-PA US-PA-Blue Bell US-PA-Philadelphia US-SC US-TN US-TN-Nashville US-TX US-TX-Dallas US-TX-Houston US-TX-Irving US-UT US-VA US-VA-Glen Allen US-VA-Manassas US-WA US-WA-Bellevue US-WA-Seattle US-WI-AppletonOne additional field has been createdTwo additional fields have been createdOne field has been collapsedTwo fields have been collapsedClick column header to sortSearch Results Page 1 of 1Sort By Sort By... ID (Ascending) ID (Descending) Title (Ascending) Title (Descending) Company (Ascending) Company (Descending) Location Name (Ascending) Location Name (Descending) Primary Location (Ascending) Primary Location (Descending) Loc2 (Ascending) Loc2 (Descending) Loc3 (Ascending) Loc3 (Descending) Loc4 (Ascending) Loc4 (Descending) Loc5 (Ascending) Loc5 (Descending) Loc6 (Ascending) Loc6 (Descending) Responsibilities (Ascending) Responsibilities (Descending)Company Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Litigation SpecialistWe currently have an exciting opportunity for a Litigation Specialist –with potential for remote employment. Primary responsibilities include: - High severity, high complexity losses in all 50 states - CGL, Miscellaneous Professional Liability, Liquor Liability - Commercial Excess GL, Personal Umbrella - Some Intellectual Property and New York Labor Law - Declaratory Judgment Actions - Substantial coverage analysis of manuscript forms and close partnering with Underwriters - Some travel for mediation and trial attendanceID2021-4556Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Assistant UnderwriterProvides support to the underwriting process, making appropriate decisions within own underwriting assigned authority levels. Compiles data, performs routine tasks, and processes accounts. Projects a professional company image through internal and external customer interaction. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Assesses new and renewal accounts to determine acceptability based upon NIC underwriting guidelines and authority granted. - Reviews new and renewal accounts to verify issuance is in compliance with NIC underwriting guidelines, addresses discrepancies as needed, and enters information into appropriate systems. - Processes prerenewals by generating monthly reports and compiling/analyzing required information. - Creates, analyzes and interprets data from various systems and underwriting resources. - Provides administrative support by preparing and compiling information to ensure all aspects of the underwriting process are contemplated. - Collaborates with underwriting team as well as other departments on underwriting philosophy. - Effectively communicates (written/verbal) information to both internal and external customers to ensure our standards of excellence are maintained. - Consults with agency staff to obtain additional information on existing accounts. - Promotes consistency among underwriting teams by contributing knowledge and soliciting feedback relative to underwriting philosophy and company goals. - Maintains confidentiality with discretion and integrity with both internal and external information. ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Completes preparatory work on new business accounts as assigned by the underwriter. - Composes reports and business correspondence such as travel summaries, agendas, and meeting minutes. - Coordinates internal and/or external visits including but not limited to scheduling meetings, confirming staff availability, and arranging meals/entertainment. - Provides guidance and support to less experienced team members within the department.ID2020-4516Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Senior Litigation SpecialistWe currently have an exciting opportunity for a Sr. Litigation Specialist –with potential for remote employment. Primary responsibilities include: - High severity, high complexity losses in all 50 states - CGL, Miscellaneous Professional Liability, Liquor Liability - Commercial Excess GL, Personal Umbrella - Some Intellectual Property and New York Labor Law - Declaratory Judgment Actions - Substantial coverage analysis of manuscript forms and close partnering with Underwriters - Some travel for mediation and trial attendanceID2020-4460Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleLoc2IL, Chicago - 303 West MadisonLoc3GA, Atlanta - 2 Ravinia Drive - Suite 1000Company Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle UW Audit ManagerResponsible for planning, directing and overseeing the Underwriting Audit department, including managing and supervising the Underwriting Audit Coordinators. Sets and achieves department goals to support the company’s key strategic objectives. Oversees the completion of individual files audits, conducts quality control on completed audits, analysis of results and trends, scheduling and provides communication of findings to underwriting management. Develops new audits based on company goals and provides agency consulting services as needed. - Manages the work and production of the Audit Coordinators. - Provides oversight of the completion of audits on new business, renewals and quotes to assess the quality of the risk and quality of the file handling from an underwriting, pricing and policy construction standpoints, as well as adherence to established underwriting procedures and authorities. - Works with Coordinators to provide feedback to Underwriting Management (based upon review findings) to identify strengths in Underwriting talents and to identify opportunities to improve various underwriting criteria and/or requirements as relates to Company underwriting standards. - Develops new underwriting audits to reflect changes in underwriting philosophies and strategies. - Shares high-level trends with management. - Creates, analyzes and interprets data from various reports. - Works as direct contact with Regulatory for SOX compliance testing.ID2020-4375Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Senior Form AnalystThis role resides in the Underwriting Product Innovation department and is integral to Nautilus' success as we grow our business profitably. The Product Innovation department creates and manages underwriting guidelines, forms, filings, and underwriting tools that drive the business. This role will be primarily responsible for delivering developed forms, but will be called on to assist many aspects of product implementation. Knowledge of ISO products, form mapping processes, and use of vendors such as Vertafore, Embraco, Azure Dev Ops, Smart Communications, PPS will be helpful. Successful candidates will be detail oriented and organized. The role involves working on multiple tasks with high priority deadlines using system and product knowledge. - Create and maintain documentation including user stories and form mapping workbooks. - Responsible for knowledge of assigned applications and systems. Execute and proof prepared eGuide changes and updates to underwriting guidelines. - Troubleshoot form related inquiries including research and documenting resolution - Draft notification of system and form updates and changes for use by internal and external customers. - Report out to other departments and agents resolution of individual issues and business process results. - Perform peer reviews and proofing of team member work. - Perform User Acceptance Testing and test case preparations. - Responsible for maintaining workflow check lists. - Create filing support documents such as memos and Department of Insurance filing objections. - Additional responsibilities as requested by unit Manager.ID2020-4332Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Instructional DesignerThe eLearning Specialist is responsible for improving performance by creating both asynchronous and synchronous online training. The Specialist is responsible for using appropriate learning technological processes and resources for employee and customer training and development. This includes designing, developing and delivering training solutions including on-line classes, webinars, job aids, podcasts and simulations. The specialist will: - Work closely with subject matter experts and the training team to design and develop course materials addressing underwriting and business skills - Have working knowledge of best practices to maximize learning transfer - Develop eLearning courses using Articulate 360 and Powtoons - Utilize WebEx to deliver instructor-led classes - Create, record and edit audio and video contentID2020-4090Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleCompany Nautilus Insurance GroupLocation Name AZ, Scottsdale - 7233 E Butherus DriveTitle Senior Assistant UnderwriterProvides support to the underwriting process, making appropriate decisions within own underwriting assigned authority levels. Compiles data, performs routine tasks, and processes accounts. Projects a professional company image through internal and external customer interaction. ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Assesses new and renewal accounts to determine acceptability based upon NIC underwriting guidelines and authority granted. - Reviews new and renewal accounts to verify issuance is in compliance with NIC underwriting guidelines, addresses discrepancies as needed, and enters information into appropriate systems. - Processes prerenewals by generating monthly reports and compiling/analyzing required information. - Creates, analyzes and interprets data from various systems and underwriting resources. - Provides administrative support by preparing and compiling information to ensure all aspects of the underwriting process are contemplated. - Collaborates with underwriting team as well as other departments on underwriting philosophy. - Effectively communicates (written/verbal) information to both internal and external customers to ensure our standards of excellence are maintained. - Consults with agency staff to obtain additional information on existing accounts. - Promotes consistency among underwriting teams by contributing knowledge and soliciting feedback relative to underwriting philosophy and company goals. - Maintains confidentiality with discretion and integrity with both internal and external information. ADDITIONAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES - Completes preparatory work on new business accounts as assigned by the underwriter. - Composes reports and business correspondence such as travel summaries, agendas, and meeting minutes. - Coordinates internal and/or external visits including but not limited to scheduling meetings, confirming staff availability, and arranging meals/entertainment. - Provides guidance and support to less experienced team members within the department.ID2020-3960Primary LocationUS-AZ-ScottsdaleConnect With Us!Not ready to apply? Connect with us for general consideration.Application FAQsSoftware Powered by iCIMSwww.icims.com"
