"Gate Automation Engineer jobs in Bristol - Eligo RecruitmentLoginCV UploadJob SearchAbout UsSectorsHire with EligoWork for usBlogContactLoginCV UploadFire & SecurityDoor Entry/Access Control EngineerPoole, Dorset / £25000 - £32000 per annum + travel time, bonuses, OT, Vehicle, etcI am seeking a good level Door Entry/Access Control Engineer for a really good client of mine based in Hampshire to cover the South Coast - Poole along to Southampton. You will be working on Door Access & Automatic Doors systems including Pac, Paxton, Senseco Access Control, Siemens Vanderbilt, Intercom Systems. As their next Engineer, you will be dealing with reactive maintenance, PPM and doing small installations. The role is paying up to £30k plus package (details below). The client: An NSI Gold Fire and Security Integrator with an outstanding reputation for excellence based in Hampshire. The company compromises of Electronic Security Solutions and integration & traditional locksmithing services. As a Door Entry/Access Control Engineer, you will be offered: Basic salary of up to £30k Travel time paid after 30 mins Fully expensed company vehicle plus private mileage Performance bonus paid twice yearly (May and Nov) No Sickness incentive equalling to 2 extra days holiday a year Working hours 08:00 to 16:30, overtime paid from 16:30 if still on-site at time and half Training perks and opportunities Call out 1 day a week only Pension scheme Smartphone, laptop, PPE, specialist tools etc. If you are a seasoned and experienced Assess Control & Door Entry Service/Installation Engineer in or around the Poole area, then please do not hesitate in applying for this role!Fire Alarm EngineerHertford, Hertfordshire / £29000 - £35000 per annum + Travel expenses paid + No Call OutDue to continuous growth, a UK leading provider of fire & security systems with over 20 years of industry experience is now looking to Hertfordshire Fire Alarm Engineer to join the team working in North/North East of M25 (Hertfordshire), paying up to £35k plus package (details below). Their client base is predominately operating across the Education and Health sectors, they have some prestigious and recognised sites across Southern England. As their next Fire Alarm Engineer, you will be servicing and maintaining most addressable systems including networked systems - mainly Advanced, Morley, Gent (although training can be provided), as well as commissioning small additions on Advanced, Morley using laptop software and completing small installations. Their Fire Engineers are working on call out rota - 1 week in 5. Their next Fire Alarm Engineer will be offered: Basic salary up to £35K Fully expensed Company vehicle Usual working hours: Mon to Fri / 08:00 - 16:30 (home nice and early!) Overtime is available and is consistent, paid at time and a half outside of contracted hours and then double time from Saturday lunchtime right up until Monday morning 08:00 You will be paid 9 x your hourly rate for your standby amount, then you will be paid per call out door to door (expect to be called out as little as once or twice a month)! Travel is paid 1 hour on either side of the day 25 days holiday plus bank holidays Laptop Smartphone Meters PPE/Work Wear Pension - company pay in 3% after successful completion of probation The sites consist of Kentec, Morely, Advanced Fire Alarm Systems. Training will be provided on client's own system/equipment and Gent panels. To be considered for this Fire Alarm Engineer role, you must be experienced with Kentec, Morley and Advanced Fire Alarm Systems, be an enthusiastic & loyal team player, looking for a stable and rewarding career and is willing to learn and develop! You also need to live in the close proximately of North/North East of the M25. If you think this Fire Alarm Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!Security Engineer - Warden CallBristol, England / £25000 - £30000 per annum + OTE an extra £3K + OT & travelTired of working in a company where you are micromanaged & treated as just a number? A well-established security provider within the UK and worldwide is looking to hire an ambitious and experienced Security Engineer (Mainly reactive maintenance, some PPM) specialising in Warden Call systems to cover Bristol and surrounding areas. You will be treated like an adult from the get-go and working in team environments as well as alone and unsupervised, will not be micromanaged. You will be joining a happy/busy team, working on Tunstall, Tynetec systems. The call-out is 1 in 4. For this Security Engineer position, they are offering: Between £26K - £30K basic salary + OTE an extra £3k + OT & travel etc Van & fuel card Phone & iPad Training Courses Great support network, Team Leader, Contracts Manager Quarterly breakfast club Beers with the team Pension Plan Treated like an adult from the get-go This Security Engineer role is for you if you have proven service experience within the security industry - Warden Call systems. Ideal system knowledge: KMS Access Control, Tunstall and Tynetec Warden call systems If our Security Engineer sounds like the perfect role for you - send us your CV today! Security Engineer - Warden Call covering Bristol & surrounding areas areasSite Based Fire Alarm Service EngineerCity of London, London / £29000 - £33000 per annum + Travel expenses paid + No Call OutFIRE ALARM SERVICE ENGINEER SITE BASED - LONDON GENT & Advanced Systems Due to continuous growth, a UK leading provider of fire & security systems with over 20 years of industry experience is now looking to hire a Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer, experienced with Advanced Systems, to join their London team and work on one of their 4 major sites across the city. The sites typically consist of 75% GENT and 25% Advanced systems work. Gent experience is not a must as the client will provide the training, but you must be experienced with Advanced systems. Their client base is predominately operating across the Education and Health sectors, they have some prestigious and recognised sites across Southern England. As our next Fire Alarm Service Engineer, you will be offered: Basic salary up to £33K Travel expenses paid in advance/A season train ticket/oyster paid NO CALL OUTs Working hours: Mon to Fri / 08:00 - 16:30 (home nice and early!) Overtime is available and is consistent, paid at time and a half outside of contracted hours and then double time from Saturday Lunchtime right up until Monday morning 08:00. Escape London traffic, congestion charges and parking worries! As their Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer, you will be responsible Predominately for planned maintenance, small & extra works, fault finding and a small amount of commissioning. To be considered for this Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer role, you must be highly technical on all aspects of Advanced systems, be an enthusiastic & loyal team player, looking for a stable and rewarding career and is willing to learn and develop! You need to also live within a reasonable rail commute from London mainline stations. If you think this Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!Fire Alarm Installation EngineerLondon, England / £32000 - £40000 per annum + Paid Travel Time, No Call OutWhat have we got to our Fire Alarm Installation Engineer? Basic Salary: up to £40,000 (depending on experience) Paid Travel Time (after 1 hour each way) NO Call-outs Vehicle + Travel Costs Overtime available Training A growing and innovative UK company are now looking to hire a skilled and trustworthy Fire Alarm Installation Engineer to join their growing engineering team to cover London & home counties (expect to be in London 4 out of 5 days). Their installation engineers are typically on one job for a couple of days. THE FIRE ALARM INSTALLATION ENGINEER ROLE IS FOR YOU IF YOU… Have proven Service experience within the Fire alarm industry working on systems like Kentec, Advanced, Morley; GENT experience will be a great advantage! Are an enthusiastic & loyal team player, with good customer service skills/ ability to communicate professionally at all levels Are an individual who is proactive with the right attitude, willing to learn and develop If you think this Fire Alarm Installation Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you, send us your CV today. We're looking forward to hearing from you! * Are you a Fire/Security engineer but this role doesn't quite fit? Eligo are a leading fire and security recruitment consultancy specialising in fire & security jobs including fire & security system sales, engineering and project managerial jobs. Please don't hesitate to get in touch with us for a confidential chat about how we can secure you your perfect fire and security job.Security Service Engineer - Access ControlPoole, Dorset / £25000 - £32000 per annum + travel time, bonuses, OT, Vehicle, etcACCESS CONTROL SERVICE ENGINEER ACCESS CONTROL SYSTEMS, AUTOMATIC DOORS, DOOR ACCESS SYSTEMS, INTERCOMS POOLE/DORSET I am seeking a good level Access Control/Automatic Doors/Door Access Service Engineer for a really good client of mine based in Hampshire to cover the South Coast - Poole along to Southampton, Southern Home Counties, the occasional trip into London. My client: An NSI Gold Fire and Security Integrator with an outstanding reputation for excellence based in Hampshire. The company compromises of Electronic Security Solutions and integration & traditional locksmithing services. Their once humble 3 locksmith locations have grown to an impressive 10 in the past 12 months alone. They employ 13 full time engineers across the region. You will be affiliated to 2 mainstream cinema contracts and will attend other commercial sites as and when required. As their next Access Control Service Engineer you will be offered: Basic salary of up to £32k Travel time in paid after 30 mins Fully expensed company vehicle plus private mileage Performance bonus paid twice yearly (May and Nov) No Sickness incentive equalling to 2 extra days holiday a year Working hours 08:00 to 16:30, overtime paid from 16:30 if still on site at time and half Training perks and opportunities Call out 1 day a week only Pension scheme Smartphone, laptop, PPE, specialist tools etc. About the role: As a Access Control Service Engineer, you can expect to be carrying out PPM duties, also dealing with reactive maintenances of Access Control Systems, Door Access and Automatic Doors, also doing small installations. Systems you can expect to work on: Pac, Paxton, Senseco Access Control, Siemens Vanderbilt, Intercom Systems. If you are a seasoned and experienced Assess Control, Automatic Doors, Door Access Service Engineer in or around the Poole area then please do not hesitate in applying for this role!Multi-Disciplined Small Works Engineer - NO CALL OUTSouth London, London / £28000 - £34000 per annum + Overtime, Travel Time, No Call OutsNew Vacancy MULTI DISCIPLINED SMALL WORKS ENGINEER, SMALL INSTALLATIONS, HOUSING ASSOCIATION ENVIRONMENT No Call Out!! A fully accredited National Fire and Security Company based in Essex is now looking to hire an experienced Small Works Engineer with a Fire Alarm Bias and a minimum of 5 years' experience to join their busy team covering South London & South East London, Kent and occasionally going into Hampshire, Surrey and Sussex. The company operates heavily within the Local Authority/Housing Association Environments. In a nutshell: Seeking: Good level Multiskilled Small Works Installation Engineer with a Fire Alarm bias. Duties: carrying small works and small installations of low level Fire Alarms and smaller standalone addressable fire alarms, door magnets and the likes in a Social Housing / Housing Association environment, for example 'Victorian Street Flat Conversions', 3 to 6 flats at any given time - installing small alarms, additional call points and Detectors, 230v Grade D detection, emergency lighting and interfacing fire alarm systems to door entry etc - working at part of a team delivering corrective works identified during fire risk assessments. There is No call out with this role!! Location/Patch - South London, South East London, Kent and the Southern Home Counties (Hampshire, Surrey, Sussex - on occasion), the ideal candidate should live South London, Kent or Southern home counties on commuter route into areas described. Salary - up to £34k plus overtime, travel after 1 hour each way. Site hours: Monday to Friday 08:00 to 17:00, 1 hour for lunch, no call out!! Vehicle: Fully expensed VAN, business use only. Holiday: 22 days plus Bank Holidays. Specialist tools provided. If you think this Small Works Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!Fire & Security Service EngineersSouthampton, Hampshire / £25000 - £33000 per annum + Van, Travel Time & Call OutSeeking experienced Fire & Security Service Engineers! About the client: Due to rapid growth, an award-winning, NSI Gold regional Fire & Security installer, based in South East of England, are looking for 2 Multi-Disciplined Service Engineers to join their current busy team. About you: You are a Fire & Security Engineer, with qat least 5 years of experience in servicing and maintaining Fire Alarms, CCTV, Access Control Systems and Intruder Alarms. You must have the full UK driving license and zero criminal record or police cautions. Fire & Security Systems they work on: Texecom, Galaxy, Dahau, Hikvision, Samsung, Paxton, TDSI, Pac, Paxton, Winpak, Net2, Videx, Advanced Apollo, Haes, Kentec, Ziton. Salary & Benefits: As their next Fire & Security Service Engineer, you will be offered a basic salary up to £33,000 PLUS fully expensed VAN (can provide Crew Cab type van if really needed) private mileage allowed, travel time paid after 1 hour each way and call-out pay. Call-out: Their Fire & Security Service Engineers are 1 in 4/5 call out rota. There are 3 different rotas and the engineer would join the one in line with his skill set and level of knowledge, standby amount is circa £130 per week, then paid door to door per call out. If someone was to join on £32/33K their OTE under normal circumstances - pre-Covid, would easily be around £40/42K, so an extra £10kish depending on individuals' enthusiasm and input. Location: The company cover from Penzance right along to Hastings as far up as Northampton, they as a company typically avoid inside the M25 however the core business Central Southern Home Countries and South Coast - Hampshire, Dorset, Wiltshire, Sussex - they have 1 client in London, they avoid London as best they can. Looking after premises primarily in the commercial, industrial, education, Retail arenas, some domestic. If this Fire & Security Service Engineer role sounds like an ideal next career move for you - APPLY NOW! Fire & Security Service Engineer/ Multi-Disciplined Engineer Fire Alarms, CCTV, Access Control Systems and Intruder Alarms.National Business Development Manager - Fire AlarmsSurrey, England / £30000 - £50000 per annum + commission, carNational New Business Development Manager WANTED! Fire Safety IMPORTANT - PLEASE DO NOT APPLY FOR THIS ROLE UNLESS YOU HAVE THE RELAVANT EXPERIENCE IN THE FIRE ALARM/SAFETY ARENA!!! Company: An established and hugely respected National Fire Safety Company, specialise in everything that is Fire Safety related - Electrical, Mechanical, Passive and so on - current turnover around £7M and growing. About this National New Business Development Manager: Selling Fire Alarms and Fire Safety Equipment 'install and service' to the Commercial/Corporate/Industrial End User, FM companies and M&E Companies. You will be working with circa £500k target BUT there will be a ramping up period, working towards this! Flexible on the area covered - there is no restrictions on who or where you go. Salary: As their next New Business Development Manager, you will be offered a basic salary up to £45k/£50k plus 4% of Gross Margin and 10% of anentire value of the Service Contract - my client is typically paying out around £15k to £20k in commission a year to their established Sales Team members. Additionally, they offer a company car, 15 days paid sick within any 12-month rolling period, flexible working arrangements, a pension scheme and 22 days holiday plus bank holidays. The company is also fully prepared to allocate time to this individual to help and nurture them with their personal and professional growth and development and will provide this person who is the right fit for him and his team all the tools to succeed. Our New Business Development Manager is for you if you are/have: Comfortable in a New Business Generation role as the will be 70% new business and 30% account management and warm leads. MUST HAVE - a proven, successful sales or operations track record in the Fire Alarm world, will consider Fire and Security background also. An outstanding relationship builder with a great network of contacts Confident with modern networking tools and media So, if you think this New Business Development Manager role within the Fire Safety industry is an ideal next career more for you - APPLY NOW!Senior Security Service EngineerLondon, England / £30000 - £35000 per annum + incentive schemeAre you an experienced Security Service Engineer specialising in Access Control and CCTV system (ideally Pax/Paxton/Videx)? Are you looking for a new exciting opportunity working for a family-focused company, that doesn't micromanage their engineers & is rewarding them accordingly to the hard work they put in (a really attractive call out incentive scheme and other usual perks)? If so, I have a role for you carrying out service, small works fault finding etc covering London. As their next Senior Security Service Engineer, you will be offered a basic salary paying up to £35K and other great benefits: The call out 'financial reward' is their biggest gift to engineers. You will be paid £80 on the nose for every call out you do even if it only lasts 10 minutes. Engineers working for this client quite regularly earn an additional £800 in call out over just 1 weekend. Working hours are 08:30 to 17:00, anything you work outside of these hours will be classed as overtime. Company vehicle: Fully expensed Fiat Diablo Really family focused organisation, always be allowed time away from work to attend children's sports days, school plays, visits to the doctors, etc. you just make up the time. If this Senior Security Service Engineer opportunity sounds like an ideal one for you, send your CV today! Looking forward to hearing from you! Senior Security Service Engineer Access Control and CCTV (mainly Pax/Paxton/Videx) LondonFire & Security Service EngineersSouthampton, Hampshire / £25000 - £33000 per annum + Van, Travel Time & Call OutSeeking experienced Fire & Security Service Engineers! About the client: Due to rapid growth, an award-winning, NSI Gold regional Fire & Security installer, based in South East of England, are looking for 2 Multi-Disciplined Service Engineers to join their current busy team. About you: You are a Fire & Security Engineer, with qat least 5 years of experience in servicing and maintaining Fire Alarms, CCTV, Access Control Systems and Intruder Alarms. You must have the full UK driving license and zero criminal record or police cautions. Fire & Security Systems they work on: Texecom, Galaxy, Dahau, Hikvision, Samsung, Paxton, TDSI, Pac, Paxton, Winpak, Net2, Videx, Advanced Apollo, Haes, Kentec, Ziton. Salary & Benefits: As their next Fire & Security Service Engineer, you will be offered a basic salary up to £33,000 PLUS fully expensed VAN (can provide Crew Cab type van if really needed) private mileage allowed, travel time paid after 1 hour each way and call-out pay. Call-out: Their Fire & Security Service Engineers are 1 in 4/5 call out rota. There are 3 different rotas and the engineer would join the one in line with his skill set and level of knowledge, standby amount is circa £130 per week, then paid door to door per call out. If someone was to join on £32/33K their OTE under normal circumstances - pre-Covid, would easily be around £40/42K, so an extra £10kish depending on individuals' enthusiasm and input. Location: The company cover from Penzance right along to Hastings as far up as Northampton, they as a company typically avoid inside the M25 however the core business Central Southern Home Countries and South Coast - Hampshire, Dorset, Wiltshire, Sussex - they have 1 client in London, they avoid London as best they can. Looking after premises primarily in the commercial, industrial, education, Retail arenas, some domestic. If this Fire & Security Service Engineer role sounds like an ideal next career move for you - APPLY NOW! Fire & Security Service Engineer/ Multi-Disciplined Engineer Fire Alarms, CCTV, Access Control Systems and Intruder Alarms.Security Installation EngineerWelwyn Garden City, Hertfordshire / £28000 - £35000 per annum + Paid Travel Time,Call Out & OvertimeWell established, Hertfordshire based Fire, Security & Lighting provider, with almost 40 years in the industry and approved by NSI's quality standard NACOSS, are now looking for skilled and experienced Security Installation Engineer to cover South East of the UK. Their customer base is varied covering: domestic, retail, commercial, schools, care homes. Preferred Areas for an engineer to live: Bedfordshire, Buckinghamshire, Cambridgeshire, Hertfordshire, Northamptonshire, North London. As their next Security Installation Engineer, you will be responsible for installing electronic security systems to a surveyors specification or marked-up drawings, commissioning the systems and completing all appropriate paperwork, in accordance with the appropriate British Standard requirements and NSI (The National Security Inspectorate) dictates and if the occasions arise to service electronic security systems at our Customers' premises. Our next Security Installation Engineer will be offered: Up to £35K Basic Salary 40 hours per week commencing at 08:30 with a 1/2 for lunch (Unpaid) Overtime paid x 1.33/1.5/2 (depending on days) Paid travel time Company vehicles with air-conditioning where possible and practical, trackers and Dash Cams are fitted to the vehicles. Pension Company Credit Card to enable Staff to cover their expenses, e.g. car parking, congestion charges. Company Vehicle, PPE, Uniform & Equipment £225/week on-call paid (x 1.75/2.5 for weekends/nights) - 1 in 5 weeks Holidays: 23 days + BH Progression Opportunities Security Systems Used: Intruder: Eaton range, Pyronix, Honeywell - Galaxy CCTV: HikVision, Pelco, DM, Adpro, Optex Access Control: ACT, Paxton Door Entry: BPT, Fermax, Videx To be considered for this Security Installation Engineer position, you will need to have at least 5 years of experience within the Security industry and successfully pass Security Screening and DBS check. If our Security Installation Engineer role sounds like your ideal next career move - APPLY NOW!Tier 1 Fire Alarms Engineering SupervisorLondon, England / £35000 - £42000 per annum + Training, Company Car, OvertimeLooking for a Tier 1 Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor to join a successful and rapidly growing company! A fire products supplier turning over £4.5Million (growing to £5.5Million within the next 12 months!) is now looking to hire a Tier 1 Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor to look after 4 other intermediate level Fire Alarm Engineers, covering London/M25 area. It's a great opportunity for a senior-level Fire Alarm Engineer, with experience in looking after a small team to further his/her career within the Fire Industry. Fire Systems: Kentec, Morely, Advanced, GENT Details of the salary and package as their next Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor: Basic Salary: £38k to £40k Paid door to door travel Optional call-outs Estate car (not sign written; private mileage is allowed) Overtime, paid x1.5 - you can easily earn £500 to £1000 per month After-service scheme: 6% /engineers are typically earning between £1000 to £2000 extra per year 15 days paid sick after 12 months of service 22 days holiday plus bank holidays rising each year Ample training opportunities As a Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor, call-outs are optional however must be on hand in case of zero communication with the on-call engineer. IF on call out: £105 per week (1:7), you will be paid @ double time door to door when on call; any callouts after 5 pm you will be paid at double time, Sundays worked are paid @ double time. To be considered for this Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor you are/have: Senior Level Fire Alarm Engineer, or previously a Supervisor of a team/team Leader A solid track record working with Fire Alarms across the board - service, maintenance, small works, fault find, repair, commissioning Basic commissioning experience Problem solver Reside in within M25 If this Fire Alarms Engineering Supervisor position sounds like an ideal next role, APPLY NOW!Multi-Disciplined Small Works Engineer - NO CALL OUTSouth London, London / £28000 - £34000 per annum + Overtime, Travel Time, No Call OutsNew Vacancy MULTI DISCIPLINED SMALL WORKS ENGINEER, SMALL INSTALLATIONS, HOUSING ASSOCIATION ENVIRONMENT No Call Out!! A fully accredited National Fire and Security Company based in Essex is now looking to hire an experienced Small Works Engineer with a Fire Alarm Bias and a minimum of 5 years' experience to join their busy team covering South London & South East London, Kent and occasionally going into Hampshire, Surrey and Sussex. The company operates heavily within the Local Authority/Housing Association Environments. In a nutshell: Seeking: Good level Multiskilled Small Works Installation Engineer with a Fire Alarm bias. Duties: carrying small works and small installations of low level Fire Alarms and smaller standalone addressable fire alarms, door magnets and the likes in a Social Housing / Housing Association environment, for example 'Victorian Street Flat Conversions', 3 to 6 flats at any given time - installing small alarms, additional call points and Detectors, 230v Grade D detection, emergency lighting and interfacing fire alarm systems to door entry etc - working at part of a team delivering corrective works identified during fire risk assessments. There is No call out with this role!! Location/Patch - South London, South East London, Kent and the Southern Home Counties (Hampshire, Surrey, Sussex - on occasion), the ideal candidate should live South London, Kent or Southern home counties on commuter route into areas described. Salary - up to £34k plus overtime, travel after 1 hour each way. Site hours: Monday to Friday 08:00 to 17:00, 1 hour for lunch, no call out!! Vehicle: Fully expensed VAN, business use only. Holiday: 22 days plus Bank Holidays. Specialist tools provided. If you think this Small Works Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!Fire Alarm Service EngineerLondon, England / £25000 - £35000 per annum + Company Van with private mileageA friendly, family-run, independent company, based in Kent, that specialise in Fire and Security Engineering, Plumbing and Heating and Renovations, is now looking to hire Fire Alarm Service Engineer to cover London including central and city, Essex going up towards Cambridge. The current team consists of 5 full-time engineers and they need YOU and your skills to support them with the increasing amount of work which they will reward you for well! It's a great opportunity for you to join a successful and growing company! As their Fire Alarm Service Engineer, you will be responsible for Service, maintenance and small works of Fire Alarms - typical generic systems such as Advanced, Morely, Kentec etc. What have we got to our Fire Alarm Service Engineer? Basic Salary: up to £35K Fully expensed company van, toll charge recognition set up, parking apps linked to work phones Private mileage permitted Work-life balance: working hours 08:00 to 17:00 Overtime available and is paid at time and half, if you work past 17.00 Company mobile provided or company will pay £30 towards your phone bill each month - whichever suits you better 20 days holiday, potentially changing to 22 / TBC No call-out rota at the moment, most likely bringing that into play within the next 3 months of so - standby amount and financial reward yet to be designed will be in line with industry standard If you think this Fire Alarm Service Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you, send us your CV today. Looking forward to hearing from you! Interview process: Telephone call with Senior Operations Manager, followed by a face to face interview with Senior Ops Manager and MD. - FIRE SERVICE ENGINEER - Service, maintenance and small works Advanced, Morely, KentecSite Based Fire Alarm Service EngineerCity of London, London / £29000 - £33000 per annum + Travel expenses paid + No Call OutFIRE ALARM SERVICE ENGINEER SITE BASED - LONDON GENT & Advanced Systems Due to continuous growth, a UK leading provider of fire & security systems with over 20 years of industry experience is now looking to hire a Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer, experienced with Advanced Systems, to join their London team and work on one of their 4 major sites across the city. Their client base is predominately operating across the Education and Health sectors, they have some prestigious and recognised sites across Southern England. As our next Fire Alarm Service Engineer, you will be offered: Basic salary up to £33K Travel expenses paid in advance/A season train ticket/oyster paid NO CALL OUTs Working hours: Mon to Fri / 08:00 - 16:30 (home nice and early!) Overtime is available and is consistent, paid at time and a half outside of contracted hours and then double time from Saturday Lunchtime right up until Monday morning 08:00. Escape London traffic, congestion charges and parking worries! As their a Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer, you will be responsible Predominately for planned maintenance, small & extra works, fault finding and a small amount of commissioning. The sites typically consist of 75% GENT and 25% Advanced systems work. Gent experience is not a must as the client will provide the training, but you must be experienced with Advanced systems. To be considered for this Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer role, you must be highly technical on all aspects of Advanced systems, be an enthusiastic & loyal team player, looking for a stable and rewarding career and is willing to learn and develop! You need to also live within a reasonable rail commute from London mainline stations. If you think this Site Based Fire Alarm Service Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!Fire Alarm Commissioning & Small Works EngineerChelmsford, Essex / £29000 - £33000 per annum + Travel expenses paid + No Call OutFIRE ALARM COMMISSIONING AND SMALL WORKS ENGINEER North East of M25/Chelmsford and close surrounds Kentec, Morely, Advanced Fire Alarm Systems Due to continuous growth, a UK leading provider of fire & security systems with over 20 years of industry experience is now looking to hire a Fire Alarm Commissioning & Small Works Engineer to join the team working in Essex. Their client base is predominately operating across the Education and Health sectors, they have some prestigious and recognised sites across Southern England. As our next Fire Alarm Commissioning & Small Works Engineer, you will be offered: Basic salary up to £35K Fully expensed Company vehicle Usual working hours: Mon to Fri / 08:00 - 16:30 (home nice and early!) Overtime is available and is consistent, paid at time and a half outside of contracted hours and then double time from Saturday lunchtime right up until Monday morning 08:00 Call-out is 1 week in 6, you will be paid 9 x your hourly rate for your standby amount, then you will be paid per call out door to door (expect to be called out as little as once or twice a month)! Also, Xmas rota 2020 is already sorted! Travel is paid 1 hour on either side of the day 25 days holiday plus bank holidays Laptop Smartphone Meters PPE/Work Wear Pension - company pay in 3% after successful completion of probation As their a Fire Alarm Engineer, you will be responsible for commissioning of existing Fire Alarm systems (expect up to a day of work on one job), installation of small and additional works, servicing of a variety of Fire Alarms and occasionally fault finding. The sites consist of Kentec, Morely, Advanced Fire Alarm Systems. Training will be provided on client's own system/equipment and Gent panels. To be considered for this Fire Alarm Commissioning & Small Works Engineer role, you must be experienced with Kentec, Morley and Advanced Fire Alarm Systems, be an enthusiastic & loyal team player, looking for a stable and rewarding career and is willing to learn and develop! You also need to live in the close proximately of North/North East of the M25 If you think this Fire Alarm Commissioning & Small Works Engineer role sounds like the perfect role for you - APPLY NOW!gate automation engineerWhat does a Gate Automation Engineer do?A Gate Automation Engineer is responsible for the installation and fitting of physical access and security control systems for client sites. The engineer will need a background in electrical and mechanical engineering and specific qualifications in Gate safety and knowledge of access control, automatic gates, barriers, bi-folding gates and turnstiles etc.While a major part of the job requires the engineer to install automated gates, a gate engineer role will also include finding faults, repairing and servicing gates and systems. Due to this, the Gate Automation Engineer is often required to work outside of hours on a standby basis for repairs and maintenance.Other roles relating to Gate Automation include; Access Control Engineer, Door Automation Engineer, Automatic Gate Engineer, Auto door and Shutter Engineer, Gate Installation and Maintenance Engineer.What can a Gate Automation Engineer earn?A Gate Automation Engineer will be CSCS certified (construction skills certification scheme), have good communication skills and attention to detail. Potential earnings for a Gate Automation Engineer can differ but the average earnings range between £25,000 - £33,000.Want to get the latest news about the Gate Automation, Access Control and Security industry? Sign up to our Fire & Security monthly newsletter here.You can also receive the latest Gate Automation Engineer job updates by registering here.Eligo RecruitmentHomeAbout UsSectorsHire with EligoWimbledon Recruitment JobsBirmingham Recruitment JobsRecruitment AdviceContact UsAll VacanciesAll Technology jobsAll SAP jobsAll Building Services jobsAll Fire & Security jobsAll Locum JobsAll Events jobsAll Recruiter Jobs+44 (0) 208 944 4180info@eligo.co.ukEligo RecruitmentSuite 1 & Suite 3, 83 Hartfield RoadWimbledon, SW19 3ESCopyright 2019 - Eligo Recruitment LtdWebsite by Volcanic"
