"PHP Jobs for January 2021 | Freelancer - Page 2Как это работаетПоиск вакансийPHP JobsЯ хочу нанять Я хочу работатьFreelancerРаботыPHP2Про PHPAt Freelancer you can hire the best freelance PHP Developers online for any PHP jobs you might have. From a simple script or code fix to more complicated application development, we have thousands of PHP developers with a large variety of skill sets including Wordpress, Joomla, Magento, Zencart, Drupal and more. Hire PHP Developers.If you’re a PHP developer looking for PHP jobs, browse the listings below, it’s free to sign up and free to bid on PHP jobs!Нанять PHP DevelopersПоиск по ключевому словуГде?ПоискФильтрМои последние поисковые запросыФильтровать по:БюджетПроекты с фиксированной ценойпоПочас. проектыпоПродолжительность Все длительности Менее 1 недели От 1 до 4 недель От 1 до 3 месяцев От 3 до 6 месяцев Более 6 месяцев / Длительный Не уточненоКонкурсыпоТипМестные работыИзбранные работыРаботы с рекрутеромРаботы с полной занятостьюНавыкивведите навыкиЯзыкивведите языкиСтатус работыВсе открытые работы Все открытые и закрытые работыПрименить фильтрСначала новейшие Сначала наименьший бюджет Сначала наибольший бюджет Самые низкие заявки Самые высокие заявки3,965 работ(-а,-ы) найдено, цены указаны в USDFirst 1 2 3 4 5 Next LastMYSQL, Codeignitor & PHP Optimisation Task 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНWe are looking for someone to optimise a MYSQL database, the website is built on Codeignitor and PHP. Currently Search Results are slow along with the job system has 3 Calendars, these are all slow to load as well because of the increase of data in the database is slowing these queries down You are required to have Excellent English and understanding You MUST reply to the ad personally and not ju...Codeigniter Full Stack Development MySQL PHP$11 / hr (Avg Bid)$11 / hr Ср. ставка32 ставкиПодать заявкуImprove website Performance - gtmetrix report 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need my website performance improved as per gtmetrix report. because my server resources are being hit.MySQL PHP Безопасность сети Дизайн сайтов WordPress$34 (Avg Bid)$34 Ср. ставка14 ставкиПодать заявкуWooCommerce orders XML interface 6 дней(-я) leftWe have an interface based on XML import/export. The plugin is made but has some bugs with order export (PUT). Third-party - [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL]MySQL PHP Архитектура ПО WordPress XML$18 / hr (Avg Bid)$18 / hr Ср. ставка13 ставкиПодать заявкуSkilled website designer needed urgently 6 дней(-я) leftdevelop a website like this Kindly check this ( [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] )CSS Графический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов$1069 (Avg Bid)$1069 Ср. ставка15 ставкиПодать заявкуNeed a business website (one page with funnels) 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need a new website. I need you to design and build a landing page. I only need one page with funnels to my store fronts on Amazon and eBay. I am making this website to sell on [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] so it needs to look very professional. I attached my brand logos, and business card, those will be the designs, and color scheme to base it off of. I am trying to move away from selling on e...Инсталляция блогов Графический дизайн PHP Дизайн сайтов$25 (Avg Bid)$25 Ср. ставка4 ставкиПодать заявкуExpert in Microsoft SQL & Full Stack Developer, PHP 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНWe need someone who is an Expert at Microsoft SQL and Full Stack Developer. The Database in question is Very Complex and needs optimising. After the database is optimised we will begin developing a Front End & backend to the website to connect to the Database. Currently they use Microsoft Access to use the database. The client has multiple staff that need to log into the system, a User Pro...Codeigniter Full Stack Development SQL-сервер Microsoft PHP Безопасность сети$21 / hr (Avg Bid)$21 / hr Ср. ставка30 ставкиПодать заявкуProfessional web designer expert needed 6 дней(-я) leftKindly check this [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] and build me static website, With admin panel.Графический дизайн HTML MySQL PHP Дизайн сайтов$1069 (Avg Bid)$1069 Ср. ставка22 ставкиПодать заявкуPHP Video Conferencing Updates and Fixes to Existing Site, Bid Today looking fo support immediately, Follow Instructions in the description for immediate consideration. 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНUpdate and fix session management on our existing video conference site. Go to this site and give it a try [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] Please try the site above. Developer will need multiple devices to do testing of video sessions. Developer will need web cameras and test on mobile phone browsers with cameras too. Go to the above site and try a session with 2 devices. If you try the...HTML MySQL PHP Video Processing$693 (Avg Bid)$693 Ср. ставка8 ставкиПодать заявкуInnovative web design task 6 дней(-я) leftMy project is to develop a static website based just like this one [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] Check the website throughly .CSS HTML MySQL PHP Дизайн сайтов$379 (Avg Bid)$379 Ср. ставка8 ставкиПодать заявкуUpdate CSV import 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI have a simple CSV import of listings ( business names address and fields) that works. I need the CSV import edited to inclide Noted field, and to also show image. The import shoud UPDATE existing fields if the listing is already in the database or ADD a new listing of not in the database Job for ViranidevelopersExcel HTML MySQL PHP Архитектура ПО$111 (Avg Bid)$111 Ср. ставка16 ставкиПодать заявкуSkilled web designer required for my project -- 3 6 дней(-я) leftDesign me a website like this { [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] } with minor theme modification.Графический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$69 (Avg Bid)$69 Ср. ставка4 ставкиПодать заявкуNeed to develop a Website with backend and frontend design 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНHello I need to develop a website in 2 weeks. No teams or companies and especially no bot applications. Please share the details or your education background, area of expertise, previous experience and samples of some websites while applying.Графический дизайн HTML JavaScript PHP Дизайн сайтов$326 (Avg Bid)$326 Ср. ставка9 ставкиПодать заявкуBuild PSD to WordPress 6 дней(-я) leftDear Sir, I need someone, who can build a PSD to a WordPress theme. The PSD has one Startsite design, one design for static site and one design for posts. ThanksHTML PHP PSD в HTML Дизайн сайтов WordPress$414 (Avg Bid)$414 Ср. ставка48 ставкиПодать заявкуMigrate Flash Player to HTML5 6 дней(-я) leftHas a website developed with FlashPlayer and I need to migrate to HTML5HTML HTML5 JavaScript PHP Дизайн сайтов$30 (Avg Bid)$30 Ср. ставка4 ставкиПодать заявкуlooking for a web designer 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНlooking for a web designer to make me a fitness website based on courses and subscriptions write \"am not a robot\"Графический дизайн HTML HTML5 PHP Дизайн сайтов$170 (Avg Bid)$170 Ср. ставка29 ставкиПодать заявкуNeed the following set up for WooCommerce online store 6 дней(-я) left1 - Setting up WooCommerce Memberships plugin: - Create member accounts - Create custom member dashboard screen - Set the restricted to members only message (a function of the membership plugin) on the product page to display on a custom Elementor product page layout 2 - Set up the following additional charge options for online orders: - Security Deposit (this will equal the initial cart subtotal...HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WooCommerce WordPress$457 (Avg Bid)$457 Ср. ставка20 ставкиПодать заявкуBuild an API Orchestrator between an ERP and Woocomerce 6 дней(-я) leftThe project will need to buid a software who connects two Woocomerce and brings new data from the site to the ERP and same from ERP to Woocomerce. There are somes services already in site to send data to Woocomerce so no Woocomerce API is needed. There will be plenty of help to understand who data is neeed to sync and rules. Also a GUI to check sync errors will be needed I will pay $1000 . If...ERP Software SQL-сервер Microsoft PHP Тестирование ПО WooCommerce$1118 (Avg Bid)$1118 Ср. ставка11 ставкиПодать заявкуПриватный проект или конкурс №29092549 6 дней(-я) leftДля просмотра деталей, пожалуйста, зарегистрируйтесь или войдите в систему.Программирование на С Программирование на C++ Metatrader PHP Архитектура ПОПодать заявкуWordpress, Elementor, Shopify, Woocommerce, Plugins 6 дней(-я) leftWe are looking for a freelancers or an agency to become our outsource partner and to handle our clients websites on daily basis. You need to have great skills, super fast and understand how European simple and minimal design works. You know how to develop and work with Wordpress / Elementor / Woocommerce / Shopify / Plugins / PHP / CMS. You speak and write fluent English. Send your portfoli...CSS HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$19 / hr (Avg Bid)$19 / hr Ср. ставка24 ставкиПодать заявкуFacebook Pixel Installation 6 дней(-я) leftI need someone to install Facebook Pixel on multiple clients pages and clean up the Facebook pages so we can successfully run ads.Маркетинг в сети Facebook PHP Маркетинг в соцсетях Соц. сети Twitter$78 (Avg Bid)$78 Ср. ставка10 ставкиПодать заявкуDigital Visiting Card -- 2 6 дней(-я) leftNeed to develop 7 screens in php with sql & 5 template design in 2 days. Based on bid value project will be awarded. My budget is 5000HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP Дизайн сайтов$50 / hr (Avg Bid)$50 / hr Ср. ставка2 ставкиПодать заявкуBuild me a website 6 дней(-я) leftAm a crypto trader/investor,I need a website,an investment website,to bring crypto trading closer to peopleHTML JavaScript PHP Веб-хостинг Дизайн сайтов$369 (Avg Bid)$369 Ср. ставка7 ставкиПодать заявкуBasic Inventory Application 6 дней(-я) left- need an inventory App for a paint shop - keep records of new stock - keep records of used stock - update usageIIS MySQL PHP$15 / hr (Avg Bid)$15 / hr Ср. ставка18 ставкиПодать заявкуSender needed 6 дней(-я) leftI need SMTP inbox all domain 100%Массовый маркетинг Обработка электронной корреспонденции Email-маркетинг Linux PHP$31 (Avg Bid)$31 Ср. ставка3 ставкиПодать заявкуSimple HTML page in Bigcommerce Site 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI want a simple HTML and CSS page for Bigcommerce. Please check the attached file.BigCommerce CSS HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов$9 (Avg Bid)$9 Ср. ставка7 ставкиПодать заявкуEmbedded URL extractor 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНWe will input/ provide a URL which has embedded Video URLS on the page and we want to extract these urls and collect them. This will not be 1 website specific, it will be on going, with thousands of websites, so it needs to work in different scenarios. The input url may contain multiple Embedded urls on the page from different hosts providers, often the embedded urls do not appear until the vid...JavaScript PHP Python Архитектура ПО Веб-скрейпинг$661 (Avg Bid)$661 Ср. ставка29 ставкиПодать заявкуBugg fixing PHP (While pushing for webpage) 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI have created a simple page to push data to DB with an attachment file, and send all info to email. But record is not storing in DB.HTML JavaScript MySQL PHP Дизайн сайтов$14 (Avg Bid)$14 Ср. ставка10 ставкиПодать заявкуDisplay Layout 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНDisplay Layout on my Wordpress Intake form for displayCSS HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$138 (Avg Bid)$138 Ср. ставка42 ставкиПодать заявкуmarket vendor applications -chairty events 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНhi, i help charity events to run and create funding. as most charity events have been cancelled with covid and they are struggling. im donating my time to them to help get them off the ground again. due to goverment covid restrictions all vendors have to be digital applications which im helping with. so what I am after is an online application for events which the vendors can see applications, ...PHP Дизайн сайтов WooCommerce WordPress$158 (Avg Bid)$158 Ср. ставка13 ставкиПодать заявкуMake my woocommerce Checkout page look like Woocommerce Blocks but include Amazon Pay and Paypal Express 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI have a live Woocommerce website that has Stripe, Paypal Express, and Amazon Pay as payment methods I need to implement a cleaner, user-friendly checkout page, very much like the default one you get by using the plugin Woocommerce Blocks, but including my payment methods (At the time Woocommerce Blocks supports only Paypal Standard and does not support Amazon Pay). I would need you to work this...HTML JavaScript PHP WooCommerce WordPress$21 (Avg Bid)$21 Ср. ставка6 ставкиПодать заявкуA Defi project to be built on Polkadot 6 дней(-я) leftWe seek for a team that can help us build a Defi Project on Polkadot network and also add some outstanding features to the platform. Please make sure you have a good reference for this before applying for this.Графический дизайн HTML JavaScript PHP Дизайн сайтов$17 / hr (Avg Bid)$17 / hr Ср. ставка5 ставкиПодать заявкуJavascript private task 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНHi, I have a private JavaScript task. looking for a smart Chinese developer. thank you, regards.HTML HTML5 JavaScript jQuery / Prototype PHP$3833 (Avg Bid)$3833 Ср. ставка3 ставкиПодать заявкуExtraccion de eventos axtrax 6 дней(-я) leftNecesito una herramienta que extraiga el primer y el ultimo evento de la base de datos del software axtrax, cumpliendo con el layout que adjunto. También requiero que la herramienta permita definir el horario en que se realizara la descarga de información. Saludos.Гибкая разработка MySQL PHP Разработка ПО SQL$140 (Avg Bid)$140 Ср. ставка3 ставкиПодать заявкуLaravel programmer 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need someone who can help me with some relatively simple coding on different projects. Please mention \"crypto\" in your bid to show that you've read this. NO AGENCIES.Laravel MySQL PHP Архитектура ПО Web Development$13 / hr (Avg Bid)$13 / hr Ср. ставка41 ставкиПодать заявкуredesign website construction 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need some changes to an existing website. I need you to design a website for my small business.Инсталляция блогов Bootstrap Графический дизайн PHP Дизайн сайтов$7 / hr (Avg Bid)$7 / hr Ср. ставка18 ставкиПодать заявкуLooking for web designer and WordPress and shopify 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need someone to work on my projects much speak and read in EnglishHTML PHP Shopify Шаблоны Shopify Дизайн сайтов$336 (Avg Bid)$336 Ср. ставка39 ставкиПодать заявкуScrap audio and donwload 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI need someone to create a scrapping tool to donwload audio from a websiteExcel PHP Python Архитектура ПО Веб-скрейпинг$144 (Avg Bid)$144 Ср. ставка20 ставкиПодать заявкуTrophy icon Website Homepage Layout Design 9 дней(-я) leftI'd like to bring my home page to life. It seems dull and not exciting. I'd like to create a collage of colors and show happy customers. This design must be great for desktop and mobile. I'll attach some photos that I would like pictured around the boat. I would like to display 3 Youtube video links somewhere as well. The website is: [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] Added ...Графический дизайн HTML PHP Интерфейс пользователя / Информационная архитектура Дизайн сайтов$60 (Avg Bid)Гарантированный$604 работУчаствовать сейчасWP, Elementor taks 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI have a few tasks and I would prefer someone who can complete them within the day. Quote based on the tasks. 1. Activate Elementor - currently not loading 2. Install new pages - theme is already installed; you will only need to make sure that the page is set up properly 3. Add content - will be provided; just need to set it up nicely 4. Newsletter signup to email - set up the newsletter signu...PHP WordPress$149 (Avg Bid)$149 Ср. ставка42 ставкиПодать заявкуFull Stack Python Developer Needed 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНPlease read the requirement in the attachment. Please only bid if you understand the instructions. Tech: 1. NLP, python. 2. Front end: HTML, CSS 3. Back end: Python, Laravel, Django, PostgreSQL, MYSQL Requirement: 1. Knowledge in node-NLP: [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] 2. Full-stack developer.Django JavaScript MySQL PHP Python$167 (Avg Bid)$167 Ср. ставка22 ставкиПодать заявкуCreate a Fund Raiser Website Using Larvel PHP Framework 6 дней(-я) leftHello, Need a good PHP Framework web designer, must complete the project within the budget. For creating a Fund Raiser Web application.Графический дизайн HTML JavaScript PHP Дизайн сайтов$65 (Avg Bid)$65 Ср. ставка2 ставкиПодать заявкуTrophy icon WordPress / Woocommerce Plugin Modification PHP OOP 2 дней(-я) leftRequirements: - Wordpress & Woocommerce Experience - PHP OOP Hi I use a Plugin called \"SEO by Rank Math\" on my WooCommerce website (attached as \"[войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL]\"). This plugin generates a Rich Snippet on my Product Pages (attached as \"[войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL]\") I need to generate the Rich Snippet of a specific Product on a separate Page ...Object Oriented Programming (OOP) PHP Плагин WooCommerce WordPress$22 (Avg Bid)$221 работУчаствовать сейчасMaintain and make improvements to a Custom PHP site and a Laravel based software 6 дней(-я) leftWe have a auction software. Would like someone to maintain site, make improvements to the front end site and a laravel based back end.HTML Laravel MySQL PHP Архитектура ПО$19 / hr (Avg Bid)$19 / hr Ср. ставка48 ставкиПодать заявкуCustom Payment Processing System like Stripe 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНI would like to add my own payment processing module in our android POS app. The POS is TELPO TPS900 So, I would be looking to process card chip & pin (using the built-in IC card reader), contactless payments and enter card details through the POS to process payments over the phone and also be an e-commerce payment gateway. I would like the admin panel to be separate to MyPanel, essentially h...Android Mobile App Development MySQL PHP Архитектура ПО$18 / hr (Avg Bid)$18 / hr Ср. ставка5 ставкиПодать заявкуBuild me a website and maintain 6 дней(-я) leftPremium phone Intuitive support website. Support worker profiles. Payment system. Therapy section Blogs Brand developementГрафический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$5494 (Avg Bid)$5494 Ср. ставка12 ставкиПодать заявкуBuilt Me A Website | DJ and Event Management 6 дней(-я) leftHi there, I started an events start-up company. We offer Wedding DJ services in Corporate, weddings and Private Parties. We also Hire PA Systems. I'd like a website that has booking management and a check out included.Графический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$205 (Avg Bid)$205 Ср. ставка37 ставкиПодать заявкуsolucionar error de css y php -- 2 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНhola necesito alguien con experiencia bastante en css y php para solucionar errores visuales de pagina wordpressCSS HTML MySQL PHP WordPress$26 (Avg Bid)$26 Ср. ставка3 ставкиПодать заявкуBuild Website in Wix 6 дней(-я) leftПОДТВЕРЖДЕНHello, Please visit this site: [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] I started building the site myself but I don't have time to finish it and it also needs a little more modern touch in the layout. Please view our competitor's sites as inspiration (please note, NOT to copy, just as inspiration and to give understanding of business model). [войдите, чтобы посмотреть URL] [войдите, чтобы посмо...Графический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$119 (Avg Bid)$119 Ср. ставка22 ставкиПодать заявкуVand Server FiveM Los Santos 6 дней(-я) leftVand server LS! Server-ul este Medium Rp Scripturi Unice Factiuni : Politie , Medici , Mafii Joburi legale si ilegale + Host ANTICHEAT Cheie Argentum Peste 200 masini Discord aprox. 100 membri + 7 boost Metode : PayPal Pret discutabil Ma puteti contacta pe discord : !.!Ryu#2034HTML Linux MySQL PHP Системное администрирование$169 (Avg Bid)$169 Ср. ставка2 ставкиПодать заявкуSpruce Up My Website 6 дней(-я) leftI am an attorney turned writer and business consultant. I already have a good website. I'd like someone with an eye for design to make it look better. I'd like to make the flow better and add a few things. If you're interested, please share at least three sites you'ver worked on.Графический дизайн HTML PHP Дизайн сайтов WordPress$64 (Avg Bid)$64 Ср. ставка6 ставкиПодать заявкуПоказано с 51 по 100 из 3,965 заявокРезультатов на страницу20 50 75 100First 1 2 3 4 5 Next LastТоп-статьи сообщества PHPFreelancer HQIntroducing Express Withdrawal Systemfldyan - 5 November, 2014The team at Freelancer HQ dedicated to streamlining the payments and withdrawal experience has been working hard!20 58DevelopmentThe Comprehensive Beginner's Guide to PHPgergob - 2 February, 2016Vital information for starting development with PHP19 17DevelopmentHow to Apply Custom CSS to the Wordpress Admin Area	dninfoway - 9 December, 2014CSS for Wordpress Admins16 5Другие работы, связанные с PHPphp free chat ban , php ajax search data , random alphanumeric code php online , php mysql data forms , image php , single php upload script , highscore php flash , event reservation system php mysql , auto form submit php , flash php sql highscore , php automation , php automatic crop resize images , php functioncopy failed open stream permission denied , php design expert , php custom ftp client , ajax image gallery php , free import yahoo contacts php , scriptlance php clone , php mysql table userНужно нанять фрилансера для работы?Это бесплатно – зарегистрироваться, написать, что именно вам нужно, и получить ценовые предложения в течение нескольких секундВведите здесь описание своего проектаОпубликовать проектРусский - RussiaПомощь и поддержкаФрилансерКатегорииПроектыКонкурсыФрилансерыFreelancer EnterpriseПрограмма \"Предпочтительный фрилансер\"Управление проектамиМестные работыВитринаAPI для разработчиковОбзорО насКак это работаетБезопасностьИнвесторКарта сайтаЦитаты FreelancerНовостиУсловияПолитика конфиденциальностиУсловия пользованияПолитика в отношении авторского праваПравила поведенияКомиссии и сборыПриложения---Зарегистрированных пользователей---Опубликованных вакансийFreelancer ® is a registered Trademark of Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)Copyright © 2021 Freelancer Technology Pty Limited (ACN 141 959 042)"
