"Jobs | USASwimmingJobsCompanyPost a JobResume SearchSign inSign upJobsCompanyPost a JobResume SearchLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by Job CategoryAge Group Coach 4 Assistant Aquatics Director 1Refine by StateCalifornia 4 Alaska 1 Florida 1 Illinois 1 Iowa 1 Louisiana 1Maine 1 Maryland 1 Minnesota 1 North Carolina 1 North Dakota 1 Oklahoma 1 Pennsylvania 1 South Carolina 1 South Dakota 1 Washington 1MoreSenior Coach Assistant Coach Team Administrator Other Aquatic Director Head Age Group Coach Associate Head Coach Pool Manager Head Coach Learn To Swim Director Full time20 jobs foundJan 08, 2021Lifeguard III/ Head CoachExciting employment opportunity in Craig Alaska! The Craig Waverunner Swim Club is in search of a new Head Swim Coach. The Waverunners are a parent owned and operated USA Swimming Club. The position is hired through the City of Craig, Alaska and the job position includes being the Head Swim Coach, Lifeguard and Swim Lesson Instructor at the Craig Aquatic Center. The City of Craig offers competitive wages and a very good benefit package, including health insurance. You may view the job description and application at this site: Lifeguard III/ Swim Coach In addition to the City of Craig hourly wage, the Waverunners pay a $500.00 monthly stipend. The Craig High School and a small local Masters team are also looking for coaches and can be combined with this position for additional compensation. We understand that relocating is costly and the swim club will reimburse up to $1000.00 for moving costs. Half will be paid upon arrival and the additional payment will be...Craig Waverunner Swim Club Craig, AK, USA Full timeJan 04, 2021Head Swim Coach - Watertown, SDHead Swim Coach Watertown Area Swim Club – Watertown, SD Watertown Area Swim Club is looking to hire a Head Swim Coach for our club team. Swimmers age 5 – 19 years of age. There are currently 200 swimmers on the team with a supportive community. The town has the Prairie Lakes Wellness Center with an 8 lane pool and 3 lane warm-up/cool-down pool. The team hosts 5 meets each year. SD is an age-group only state, athletes swim year-round with the team, no high school swimming. Throughout Covid-19 – the facility worked with the team and we were only out of the water until June 1st. The team is currently practicing at pre-Covid-19 levels. Watertown is the 5th largest town in South Dakota – with approximately 22,000 people. Northeastern SD is known for its lakes and great outdoors. Position requires a motivated and enthusiastic coach with knowledge of competitive swimming. The team also employs a Team Manager who manages administration of the team – including billing,...Watertown Area Swim Club Watertown, SD, USA Full timeDec 22, 2020Head Swimming Coach - UMBC AthleticsDepartment of Athletics: In collaboration with the Director of Athletics, the Head Coach will be charged with leading UMBC’s Women’s and Men’s Swimming and Diving Teams and is expected to identify, evaluate and recruit high-achieving student athletes from geographically and demographically diverse populations. Specific Duties: player development (practice planning and in-pool instruction, meet management, attention to academics and commitment to community service); recruiting and retaining academically and athletically qualified student-athletes; overseeing all administrative responsibilities (scheduling, team travel, balancing the budget, and hiring, supervising and evaluating assistant coaches); cultivating relationships with alumni and working with Athletics Department and Office of Institutional Advancement staff on fundraising, special events and appearances; and performing other duties as assigned. It is expected that the successful candidate will abide by all written...UMBC Athletics University of Maryland, Baltimore County, Hilltop Circle, Baltimore, MD, USA Full timeDec 16, 2020Head Age Group Coach - Central Iowa AquaticsCentral Iowa Aquatics is seeking a full time Head Age Group Coach to join our team. CIA is a USA Swimming Silver Medal club that serves the needs of swimmers in the greater Des Moines area. We are looking for candidates who will embrace CIA culture and take initiative and responsibility for the Age Group program. They must possess a passion for coaching and working with young age group athletes and be knowledgeable in stroke technique and skills. An ability to plan, prepare, and conduct group practices in accordance with CIA group goals. Qualifications CPR/AED Safety Training for Swim Coaches, APT, Background check and in good standing with USA Swimming Proficient in use of Team Unify Abides by applicable USA Swimming Codes of Conduct and Safe Sport Requirements Pass USA Swimming background screen and reference check ASCA Level 3 preferred This is a full time salaried position.Central Iowa Aquatics Des Moines, IA, USA Full timeDec 16, 2020Aquatics Director, 1.0 FTEThe Minnetonka Public School District seeks a highly-talented individual to lead its award-winning school and community aquatics offerings. This is a unique opportunity to be at the helm of one of the preeminent swimming programs in Minnesota. Dynamic, organized, client-focused and visionary swimming professionals are encouraged to apply! ABOUT MINNETONKA AQUATICS Our aquatics program is an energetic collaboration serving the entire community with top-notch facilities and a superb instructional staff. The Minnetonka Swim Club is consistently ranked among the top programs in the country, and our High School teams have won more championships than any other school in the state. ABOUT THE POSITION The Aquatics Director supervises a team of six full-time and 100+ part-time employees, and oversees four major programs: Swim Club, Recreational Swim, Masters Swim, and Lifeguard Services. For the High School competitive teams, the Aquatics Director works closely with the school’s...Minnetonka Public Schools Minnetonka, MN, USA Full timeDec 16, 2020Head Coach - Santa Barbara Swim ClubThe Santa Barbara Swim Club (SBSC) is searching for an enthusiastic Head Coach who will define, influence and lead the overall direction of the club program. We are a non-profit, board-governed, coach-led swim team in Santa Barbara, California operating out of the Los Banos and UCSB pool facilities. The Head Coach will be responsible for all aspects of operating a year-round competitive swim program. Job Description Duties include, but not limited to: Lead the development and implementation of overall team philosophy on coaching, swimmer development, and team dynamics Establish workout groups, schedules, and criteria for advancement through collaboration with coaching staff On deck coaching and supervision of senior elite swimmers Develop and oversee training programs for all age groups Supervise and mentor coaching staff Plan seasonal and yearly competition schedule for all groups Establish and maintain regular and timely communications with...Santa Barbara Swim Club Santa Barbara, CA, USA Full timeDec 10, 2020Director of AquaticsDo you have a passion for swim? Come to work and enjoy the view! Sand Point Country Club seeks a Director of Aquatics who is a proactive motivator and thoughtful communicator to LEAD our Swim Team and manage our pool! Competitive Compensation Package includes: Pay range is $50,000 to $60,000 per year Club pays 80% of your medical, dental, and vision insurance after 30 days Club pays 100% of your life and long-term disability insurance after 30 days Access to Club facilities*** Matching 401k after 6 months Experience: CPR/First Aid Certification Lifeguard Certification Minimum of 3 years of experience in aquatics/pool management and maintenance 1 year of private club experience Proficient with computer software including Microsoft Word and Excel Proven ability to build and foster a team environment Knowledge of applicable safety and sanitation procedures and training The ideal candidates would embody the following job knowledge...Sand Point Country Club Seattle, WA, USA Full timeDec 09, 2020Assistant CoachJob Title: Assistant Swim Coach Job Open Date: December 7, 2020 Work Location: Bay Area, CA Job Type: Full time employee FLSA Exemption Status: Non-exempt Pay Rate/Range: $24 to $29/hour [$50,000 to $60,000/year] (inclusive of Section 125 cafeteria health plan benefits) Additionally, eligible for overtime pay, bonus plan, paid holidays, vacation and sick-days off, etc. Days/Hours: Monday - Sunday as needed. SANTA CLARA SWIM CLUB 2625 PATRICIA DRIVE, SANTA CLARA, CA, USA Santa Clara Swim Club (SCSC) ranks among the leading competitive swimming programs in the country with a wide range of ages and swim abilities. SCSC’s mission is to inspire athletes to pursue excellence through the sport of swimming. SCSC is committed to being a world-class organization by providing a safe,...Santa Clara Swim Club Santa Clara Swim Club, Patricia Drive, Santa Clara, CA, USA Full timeNov 30, 2020Head Coach, Westbrook Seals Swim ClubThe Westbrook Seals Swim Club is looking for an energetic and team-driven Head Swim Coach to join our vibrant community. The Head Swim Coach is responsible for managing and coaching our year-round USA swim team; maintaining a safe and effective learning and training environment while focusing on the fulfillment of our members’ swimming goals and achieving team revenue goals. The Head Swim Coach will also be responsible for hiring, developing, and directing all coaching staff and will be expected to facilitate communication between coaching staff, swimmers, parents and others critical to the success of our program. The Head Swim Coach will be asked to develop and implement a culture and vision to instill values and skills our swimmers can use both in and out of the pool with an emphasis on excellence, goal setting, development, support, and teamwork. Currently, the Westbrook Seals Swim Club is a non-profit, board-governed, coach led organization, but we are interested in...Seals Swimming Westbrook Seals Swimming, 426 Bridge Street, Westbrook, ME, USA Full timeNov 26, 2020Assistant Coach / Instructor in BangkokBangkok Dolphins are looking for an experienced, fun, energetic full-time Assistant Coach / Learn To Swim Instructor with excellent English and communication skills from any English speaking country willing to committ to 2 years in Bangkok, Thailand starting March 1, 2021. We are a 200+ member club with over 800 learn-to-swim students + international school teaching/coaching contracts. The vacant position will be about 60% teaching and 40% coaching. Our clientele are mainly the children of expats from all over the world and Thais. Up to 27 contact hours per week Work Permit paid by Bangkok Dolphins. You must have a degree. 3 weeks off in December/January, 1 week in April and 3 weeks in August We can front your airfare, mandatory 2-week quarantine fee, rental deposit + 1st months rent which you will reimburse over 5 months. Competitive salary suitable to save $1000+ per month. Send Cover Letter and CV/Resume to squads@bangkokdolphins.com bangkokdolphins.com/squads (almost...Bangkok Dolphins Bangkok, Thailand Full timeNov 06, 2020Head CoachSanta Clara Swim Club 2625 Patricia Drive, Santa Clara, CA, USA Santa Clara Swim Club is seeking a Head Coach. This position will lead our national and elite post/grad groups, direct our wet-side programming as well as build and mentor a team of high caliber coaches and swimmers. SCSC is a 501(c)3 non-profit organization founded by George Haines in 1951. As a coach driven, board supported program, it has developed champions at all levels, in and out of the water. From learn to swim through Olympic and World Champions with World Records and Olympic Gold Medals, SCSC offers a broad spectrum of aquatic options. Located in the heart of Silicon Valley, SCSC has over 1,000 USA Swimming registered swimmers who train at multiple sites offering both 50m and 25yd pool options. SCSC has hosted Grand Prix, International meets, Futures, US Nationals, US Jr. Nationals, US Masters Nationals, Far Westerns, Central Coast Section (CCS) high school championship, and other aquatic events. The...Santa Clara Swim Club 2625 Patricia Drive, Santa Clara, CA, USA Full timeNov 03, 2020Executive DirectorDescription We are seeking a new President & Executive Director to lead our organization and oversee all operations and safety initiatives. The Center serves a diverse regional population and is committed to equity, access, and opportunity for all community members. In our five bodies of water including two Olympic size (50 meter x 25 yard) pools, a warm water therapy pool, and two hydro therapy spas, we serve more than 450,000 annual patrons producing approximately $8 Million in revenue. Our facilities also include diving platforms/boards, exercise and weight rooms, locker rooms, aquatic pro shop, food and beverage center, plus office and conference spaces. An annual staff of over 240+ provides over 100 hours of weekly programming to young people and adults including nearly 1000 youth competing in our swim, dive, and water polo teams. Further significant programming is dedicated to swim instruction classes, water therapy, and patrons with special needs. The Center...Rose Bowl Aquatics Center Rose Bowl Aquatics Center, North Arroyo Boulevard, Pasadena, CA, USA Full timeOct 21, 2020Aquatics DirectorWe are looking for an enthusiastic and highly-motivated Aquatics Director and Head Coach. This position is responsible for the overall management and direction of the Club’s aquatics facilities and swim program, CCC’s PHISH Swim Team and assists with the Club’s seasonal youth activities. This is contemplated as a full-time, year-round position. The Aquatics Director will be a member of the Club’s leadership team. The successful candidate must be credentialed and passionate about swimming, with a track-record of running a successful program and ideally, a personal competitive swimming background. Current CPO, WSI, Red Cross Swim Coach and Safety Training (or equivalent) certifications are required. Must be highly knowledgeable of pool operations and maintenance and also have experience with hiring, training and leading a team of seasonal lifeguards and swim coaches. Must have a passion for coaching and working with youth. Fun and good sportsmanship are fundamental to...Country Club of Charleston 1 Country Club Dr, Charleston, SC, USA Full timeSep 24, 2020Head Swimming CoachLycoming College seeks a Head Swimming Coach. This position is responsible for all aspects of Lycoming College’s NCAA Division III men’s and women’s swimming program and will be expected to abide by and uphold regulations of the NCAA Division III and the Middle Atlantic States Collegiate Athletic Corporation. Specific duties will include the recruitment of qualified student-athletes, conducting and supervising practices and competitions, scheduling, team travel, budget management, equipment inventory, supervision of assistant coaches and student-workers, and monitoring of student-athlete’s academic progress. Coaching (60%): Organize and conduct practices, conditioning programs and competitive events. Instruct student-athletes with sound principles and expert skills related to swimming, prepare individual athletes and team for meets, set season goals and motivate students using techniques that meet the needs o the students and that are consistent with the Lycoming...Lycoming College Williamsport, PA, USA Full timeSep 04, 2020Head Swim Team CoachPOSITION SUMMARY: The Head Coach of Competitive Swimming is responsible for all aspects of supervision and management of the competitive swim programs and administers, supervises, and develops the coaching staff. Serves as a direct support for pre-competitive team development, including the training of all assistant swim coaches and staff associated with each branch location. Ensure all practices, workouts, and physical requirement are safe and challenging. Leads efforts for team marketing, retention, and communication strategies that promote recruitment of new members, retention of existing members. ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: Develops annual operating goals, objectives, and plan for the team enrollment sales, retention, marketing, and communications areas. Monitors the achievement of these plans, taking appropriate action to ensure that all goals and objectives are met. Executes strategies to ensure that members and/or participants connect with one another and...Ponte Vedra YMCA Ponte Vedra Beach YMCA, Landrum Lane, Ponte Vedra Beach, FL, USA Full timeAug 26, 2020Head Coach, Trident Aquatics Club (+ Brand New Aquatic Center!)Trident Aquatics, founded in 2014, has just opened our own brand new aquatic center in February and we’re growing our program! Our new home is 10 minutes north of Tulsa, in Owasso, OK. We are a relatively small club, approximately 60 swimmers, and as a matter of team culture, invest more time, focus, technology in fewer swimmers, rather than over-focus on headcount to make the program work. Our club is coach owned, and is financially stable. Our swimmers range in age from 6 to 19, and include novice swimmers on up to Olympic Trials qualifiers/National Team athletes. Most of our high school seniors aspire to swim in college, and we’ve had great success here. 7 of our 8 graduates this past year are on college rosters, DI,DII and DIII. We are seeking to add talent, experience and energy at the head and assistant coach levels to help us continue to develop swimmer performance, lead with principles and by example, and promote our team culture. Our new facility is 18,000 sq ft,...Trident Aquatics Club Owasso, OK, USA Full timeAug 18, 2020Senior Level Lead CoachPosition Purpose: The Lead Group Coach oversees the development and progression of swimmers at SwimMAC by planning, communicating, and executing daily workouts and duties following SwimMAC philosophies, season plans, and procedures while creating a positive growth/challenging learning environment. The coach will actively communicate with their peers, direct supervisor, swimmers, and their parents. All coaches will work within the SwimMAC team structure, embrace the SwimMAC curriculum, abide by the SwimMAC policies and procedures and work with other coaches/staff to support the SwimMAC vision, strategies, and values which include the following: Teamwork, Commitment, Integrity, Development, Leadership, and Excellence. Responsibility & Essential Job Tasks: Abide by the American Swimming Coaches Association Code of Ethics, the USA Swimming Code of Conduct, and SwimMAC policies and procedures. Lead and coach SwimMAC competitive practice group and any assigned...SwimMAC Carolina 9850 Providence Road, Charlotte, NC, USA Full timeAug 13, 2020Administrative Assistant and Swim CoachPOSITION: Administrative Assistant and Swim Coach REPORTS TO: Director of Competitive Swim POSITION HOURS: full-time position; hours vary based on department needs; generally weekdays, weekends and holidays may be required. Overnight travel for out of town swim meets on occasion POSITION PURPOSE: Administrative Assistant duties and responsibilities include providing administrative support to ensure efficient operation of the competitive swim office. Supports Director of Competitive Swim and swim team employees through a variety of tasks related to organization and communication. Responsible for confidential and time sensitive material; Familiar with a variety of the field's concepts, practices and procedures; Ability to effectively communicate via phone and email ensuring that all Administrative Assistant duties are completed accurately and delivered with high quality and...swimPAC at Pelican Athletic Club 1170 Meadowbrook Boulevard, Mandeville, LA, USA Full timeJul 31, 2020HEAD COACH - Williston Sea Lions Swim Club (ND)The Williston Sea Lions (WSL) is seeking an experienced Head Coach who will be dedicated, strong communicator and a positive motivator with exceptional leadership skills to direct the competitive swimming program in Williston, North Dakota. The Head Coach will have specific knowledge and experience in developing and growing a National program. WSL has thrived in the competitive swimming arena for over 50 years, producing quality young swimmers and quality young adults. WSL prides itself in developing the swimmer through a focus on values, sportsmanship and character development to realize their full potential. This position directs 150+ swimmers from ages 8-18, with a professional coaching staff, support from Board of Directors, and engaged parent volunteers. The next Head Coach will have the resources to continue the strong tradition established. The Williston Sea Lions (WSL) team, situated in the northwest of North Dakota. There is the endless beauty of Lake Sakakawea,...Williston Sea Lions Club 822 18th St E, Williston, ND 58801, USA Full timeJul 27, 2020Head CoachTeam Philosophy: We teach, train, and motivate youth to develop leadership skills and good sportsmanship through swimming. We accomplish this by developing our athletes to be good leaders, students, citizens, and team players. We believe in maintaining a strong work ethic, treating athletic participation as a privilege, doing the right thing and giving back. Core Responsibilities: Provide a positive, encouraging, and challenging atmosphere in which all swimmers, regardless of ability, may improve their skills. Treat all swimmers with equal care and concern, regardless of ability. Oversee all coaching staff assignments, responsibilities, development, and evaluations (including hiring and personnel decisions). Promptly communicate feedback with coaching staff and swimmers. Develop a season training plan for all levels of the team. Plan team practice schedules and meet schedules, including team and coaches’ travel, coach scheduling, meet entry...Dunlap Dolphin Swim Team Dunlap, IL, USA Full timeLoad moreHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsCreate ResumeSign in© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
