"Job Benchmark – Right Performance ManagementSkip to content9040 Town Center Parkway, Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 msimms@rpmba.com +1 941-224-8077HomeAbout UsClientsClient CommentsCoaching & TrainingServicesAssessmentsBlogMenuCloseTag: Job Benchmark3 Hiring Tips For Managers in Today’s World3 Hiring Tips For Managers in Today’s World Right now in today’s world, it is extremely hard to be a manager of a business. The worries associates with COVID-19 and all the other craziness going on makes every day challenging. So many people have lost their jobs and are out looking for new ones. There are so many important things to keep in mind as you continue to bring employees back or starting to hire new ones. With all the uncertainties going on, it can be a lot of stress knowing the right things to do. There are some things you can think about to ease your mind and make it a little easier. Have A Plan Before you bring…Read more...Major Challenges CEOs Are Facing During The PandemicMajor Challenges CEOs Are Facing During The Pandemic The pandemic of 2020 has brought a lot of stress and anxiety for people all over. People owning and running a business are absolutely no exception to that. Trying to stay afloat in a world where people are told to stay home and don’t go shopping unless absolutely necessary. It is not easy and causes a lot of challenges for keeping a business going. There are many different things the CEO’s are facing right now during this time. Here are a few of the most common challenges that they are facing throughout this uncertain time. When Is It Safe To Return To Work? Many places are needing their employees to return to…Read more...How Your Company Can Communicate During The Coronavirus OutbreakHow Your Company Can Communicate During The Coronavirus Outbreak COVID-19 has forced businesses and organizations around the world into dealing with unprecedented circumstances. While there may be no tried and true roadmap available to help guide companies through these trying times, there are a few basics companies should continue to practice. Proper planning, communication, and transparency can help you make sure your business sees the other side of this pandemic. Create a COVID-19 Task Force First and foremost, you should be assessing how your company is being affected by COVID-19. Form a team from different functions of your company to assess your needs and risks. This team should include representatives from the key functions of your business including supply chain,…Read more...Create a Community From Your CustomersCreate a Community From Your Customers The world is changing at a faster pace than ever and the business world is changing with it. The days of having a one-way conversation with your potential customers via advertisements and marketing are over. Building a community with your customers, opening up avenues for two-way conversations and direct interactions, will help grow your company. Trust Your Customers One of the most important aspects of any community is trust. Building a community with your customers involves progressive acts of collaboration, which need trust to survive. A common trend among companies struggling to keep up is an unwillingness to build a creative dialogue with their customer base. At the end of the day, your customers…Read more...Here’s How You Can Improve Your Team’s ProductionHere’s How You Can Improve Your Team’s Production It’s no secret that a team should be able to get more done that someone working by themselves. If you are a team leader than it is up to you to help your team be the best they can be. One of the top ways that you can help your team improve and succeed is teaching them quality time management skills. Limiting Casual Conversations If you are working with the same people every day, then you are going to have casual conversations during work hours. There is nothing wrong with talking with your co-workers about everyday life, however, it’s important to know the time and place. You should be able to read…Read more...Examples of How Other Businesses Are Handling The Coronavirus PandemicExamples of How Other Businesses Are Handling The Coronavirus Pandemic Businesses and organizations around the world are changing their policies as COVID-19 continues to spread. Some businesses are providing tremendous examples for other business owners to follow. Below are how some of the largest companies in the world are handling this situation. 1. Uber Uber has stated that it may temporarily suspend the accounts of riders or drivers confirmed to have the virus. If a driver has tested positive for the virus or is asked to self-isolate, they will receive financial assistance for up to two weeks while their account is on hold. On top of that, Uber is working to provide all of its drivers with disinfectants to help…Read more...How Your Company Can Communicate During The Coronavirus OutbreakHow Your Company Can Communicate During The Coronavirus Outbreak COVID-19 has forced businesses and organizations around the world into dealing with unprecedented circumstances. While there may be no tried and true roadmap available to help guide companies through these trying times, there are a few basics companies should continue to practice. Proper planning, communication, and transparency can help you make sure your business sees the other side of this pandemic. Create a COVID-19 Task Force First and foremost, you should be assessing how your company is going to be affected by COVID-19. Form a team from different functions of your company to asses your needs and risks. This team should include representatives from the key functions of your business including…Read more...Do This Every Day to be a Good BossDo This Every Day to be a Good Boss A good boss can become something much more than a boss to their employees. A good boss can leave a life-long impact both in the workplace and outside of the workplace. There a couple of easy tasks you can do at least once a day to become the best boss you can be. Remember the Basics As you climb the ladder, it can become easy to forget the basics that got you to the top. Every morning on your way to work, try to remind yourself of the who, what and why. This will help you remember why you work your tail off on a daily basis and it will help…Read more...A Corporate Board Member’s Toughest Job – Setting Company LeadershipA Corporate Board Member’s Toughest Job – Setting Company Leadership Being a part of a company’s board sounds like a daunting job, and it truly is. And while it may be extremely tough to do, the simplest job lies here – hiring and monitoring the leadership teams, starting with the CEO. Staying focused on this task will mean more time to oversee the culture, strategy, and performance of the company. Yet even the simplest job comes with difficult tasks to keep up with. It would be too easy if you could just hire the leadership team and watch the company grow. The board also has to figure out how to assess performance, find a new CEO in case the current…Read more...2 Things You Need To Do For Your Millennial Employees2 Things You Need To Do For Your Millennial Employees Millennials are ages 23-38 and their population is larger than the Generation X demographic that came before them. This next generation of managers and leaders are eager and energetic. They are just as critical and important to the workplace today as well as the future. However, it’s important to note that as a group millennials are not as loyal to employers as other groups. According to a 2016 survey of millennials, 66% of this particular demographic starts a new job with the expectation that they will leave in three years. So what is the secret to retaining millennials keeping your turnover low? Current Leadership One of the most important things…Read more...Posts navigationPage 1 Page 2 … Page 4Recent Posts3 Hiring Tips For Managers in Today’s WorldMajor Challenges CEOs Are Facing During The PandemicHow Your Company Can Communicate During The Coronavirus OutbreakCreate a Community From Your CustomersCategoriesCategories Select Category Assessment tools Better Hiring Certification Training Communications Conflict Resolution Emotional Intelligence Employee Engagement Executive Leadership Growth Curve Job Benchmark Leadership Lower Turnover Sales Top Talent Training & Coaching9040 Town Center Parkway, Lakewood Ranch, FL 34202 msimms@rpmba.com +1 941-224-8077Copyright © 2021 Right Performance Management.	Proudly powered by WordPress	& Corporate Business WordPress Theme by Dinozoom.com."
