"Systems Librarian at University of Wisconsin-Whitewater - Code4Lib Job Boardcode4lib jobsJobsTagsEmployersLoginFull timeSystems LibrarianUniversity of Wisconsin-Whitewater — Whitewater0 other recent jobsCreated: June 6, 2012DescriptionPosition Summary This position provides leadership, vision, and expertise related to library systems, technologies, software, and hardware that increase and enhance access to academic resources at UW-Whitewater. The individual in this position identifies, evaluates, coordinates, and teaches the use of technologies to library staff. S/he resolves problems, proposes new and better ways of using technology and, by collaborating with and by offering substantive training to library staff, thereby empowers them in performing their own functions. The individual represents the Library in technology issues on campus and within the UW System. This position also performs other duties as assigned.Essential Duties and Responsibilities Serve as the Library’s Systems/Technology Coordinator as detailed below: 1. Manage, plan, and administer the integrated library system. Includes liaison work with library staff, remote server administrators, integrated library system vendor; deployment and support for associated hardware and desktop client software for library staff. 2. Advise and consult with library staff to maximize effective use of technology; provide regular and on-demand training; seek to make library staff independent and proficient users of technology. 3. Create reports and extract management data from library software as needed by library staff; assist colleagues in designing and running reports for their own needs; provide statistical reports as requested. 4. Collaborate with colleagues in investigating, evaluating, recommending, and implementing technologies to improve service and optimize the information technology resources. 5. Understand the functional, operational, and service needs of the Library in order to develop gateways between the Library’s online resources and locally developed or third party application. 6. Be responsible for installing and maintaining library software, including communication with software vendors. 7. Develop training and documentation to share with library staff. 8. Create new applications and adapt existing systems to meet Library needs. 9. Serve as the primary liaison to campus technology service units, UW System library committees, and participate in statewide discussions and decisions impacting the UW System libraries. 10. Maintain a working knowledge of metadata schemes appropriate for digital information. 11. Manage and support, in collaboration with library and/or campus technology units, the Library’s population of desktop, laptop, and handheld computing devices and related technologies, including all staff computers, public computers, and printers. 12. Serve on library committees, task forces, UW System, and professional committees as elected or appointed. 13.Work with campus colleagues on issues related to development of an institutional digital repository. 14.Perform administrative duties, such as automation budget oversight and student supervision. 15. Perform other duties as assigned.Required Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills, & Abilities ALA-accredited MLS or equivalent; understanding of library data encoding standards (e.g. MARC21, AACR2, RDA etc.,); relevant professional experience in management and maintenance or integrated library system; experience with technical support for library electronic information resources; successful participation in web and systems projects; knowledge of scripting languages necessary to Voyager & other library software (e.g. PHP, SQL, Java, C/C++, Perl, Python, Ruby, etc.); experience with relational database queries and presentations in UNIX and Windows environments; knowledge of library web design and scripting languages; ability to troubleshoot hardware and software problems; commitment to professional development; excellent interpersonal and communication skills and the commitment to work as part of a team; demonstrated success in working with diverse populations; commitment to public service; desire and ability to instruct others in new technologies; interest in empoweri! ng colleagues with technology.Preferred Qualifications, Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: Training or degree in computer/information technology; academic library experience; successful experience teaching colleagues; understanding of technological trends and developments relevant to academic libraries and information delivery on a university campus; experience with ExLibris Voyager integrated library system, SFX, MetaLib, ILLiad, and OCLC; familiarity with remote patron authentication (EZProxy).Salary is commensurate with candidate’s qualifications and experience.For a description of the Library and the University, please visit our web site: http://library.uww.edu/Applications: Send letter of application, resume, and names, addresses, and telephone numbers of at least 3 references to: Systems Search and Screen Committee, c/o Anne Kimball, Andersen Library, UW-Whitewater, P. O. Box 900, Whitewater, WI 53190-0900. Complete applications received by June 29, 2012 are ensured consideration; applications can be considered until the position is filled.The University of Wisconsin is an EEO/AA employer. We promote excellence through diversity and encourage all qualified individuals to apply. Finalists cannot be guaranteed confidentiality. UW-Whitewater conducts criminal background checks as a contingency to employment.How to applyContact:Patty FragolaVoyager Unix SQL SFX Ruby Resource Description and Access Python PHP Perl OCLC Microsoft Windows MetaLib Java EZproxy Ex Libris CMetadataPublished: Wednesday, June 6, 2012 17:21 UTCLast updated: Tuesday, February 28, 2017 23:47 UTC"
