"eCommerce Merchandising and Trading Jobs & Careers in Bristol | Bath | South West | South Wales | ADLIB RecruitmentJobsServicesSectorsBlogThe TeamB CorpJoin ADLIBContactCreating teams. Shaping futures.We connect ambitious organisations with their greatest assets,equally ambitious talent.eCommerce Merchandising & Trading jobs and careersA career in eCommerce Merchandising is all about the presentation of products or services on a website with one main goal: increasing sales, driving conversions and delivering commercial outcomes. It refers to showcasing available items in a way that entices consumer interest.Working in eCommerce trading is all about understanding how a website is performing based on analytical data. The role involves supporting an online store with the day-to-day trading, delivering sales and conversion targets and focusing on specific platforms to consistently improve customer experience and to ensure that sales are being made by recognising consumer patterns and trends.Why consider a career in eCommerce Merchandising & Trading?If you have a keen eye for detail, aesthetics, analytics and strive for the success of online sales, a career in digital merchandising & trading could be very rewarding for you. It will be your job to ensure that the site has the correct look and feel, and is geared towards the target audience based on customer insight and trading information.What a career or job in eCommerce merchandising and trading may entail…As an eCommerce Merchandiser, you’ll upload products, services and offers through the content management system, review the way they’re positioned on-site and work collaboratively to make decisions on the presentation of products on each page and category.For example, as an Online Merchandiser, you’ll likely report to an Online Trading Manager and your role would involve making sure that products are showcased on the website in the correct manner. This involves accurate imagery, content and specifications, ensuring that the customer can find the necessary information on the site.As an Online Trading Manager, your role will usually require an understanding on how a website is performing based on analytical data, and provide recommendations for how products should be placed on the website to improve this performance. Other responsibilities could involve promotion cycles based on seasonal factors and underperforming stock.Typical role titles includeeCommerce MerchandiserOnline MerchandiserDigital MerchandiserWeb MerchandiserOnline Trading ExecutiveOnline Trading ManagerWeb Trading ExecutiveWeb Trading ManagereCommerce Content ExecutiveOnline CopywriterHead of Online TradingDigital Merchandising ManagerCareer progression exampleOnline Trading ExecutiveOnline Trading ManagerHead of Online TradingHead of eCommerceeCommerce DirectorSalary BenchmarksAt an entry level, Junior/graduate eCommerce Merchandisers on average will be earning between £18k-£25k. At the mid-level you’d be looking to earn £25k-£35k and seniors would be looking to earn £40k+.Is it right for me? The skills it takes...To succeed as an eCommerce Merchandiser, you should have a great understanding of website design, CMS management, copywriting, SEO, general digital marketing and customer behaviours.What qualifications does it take?You will usually need a relevant foundation degree, diploma or higher within a relevant analytical subject such as: marketing, business studies, communications or mathematics.Our Marketing recruitment teamAnia Markowska— Senior RecruiterClient Side MarketingTony Allen— Principal RecruiterAgency & Client Side MarketingChris Currey— Principal RecruiterClient Side MarketingTheo Locke— RecruiterAgency MarketingRina Maniar— Principal RecruitereCommerce & DigitalHannah Ellis— RecruitereCommerce & DigitalHarriet Shewring— RecruitereCommerce & DigitalAlice Grant— Senior RecruitereCommerce & DigitalSteve Kay— Recruitment DirectorNick Dean— Managing DirectorAnia Markowska— Senior RecruiterClient Side MarketingTony Allen— Principal RecruiterAgency & Client Side MarketingChris Currey— Principal RecruiterClient Side MarketingTheo Locke— RecruiterAgency MarketingRina Maniar— Principal RecruitereCommerce & DigitalHannah Ellis— RecruitereCommerce & DigitalHarriet Shewring— RecruitereCommerce & DigitalAlice Grant— Senior RecruitereCommerce & DigitalSteve Kay— Recruitment DirectorNick Dean— Managing DirectorOur latest Marketing jobsSearch all jobsAffiliates Agency Client Services Agency Planning & Strategy Agency Project Management Analytics Biddable Media & PPC Brand, Marketing & Comms Brand Management Content & Social Media CRM Digital Marketing Internal Communications SEO PR & CommunicationsAll Permanent ContractSouth West England Bath Bristol Cornwall & Isles of Scilly Devon Dorset Gloucestershire Somerset Wiltshire South East England and Coast Berkshire Buckinghamshire East Sussex Essex Hampshire Isle of Wight Kent Oxfordshire Surrey West Sussex London Central London East London North London South London West London East England Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Hertfordshire Norfolk Suffolk Midlands Birmingham Herefordshire Leicestershire Northamptonshire Nottinghamshire Shropshire Staffordshire Warwickshire Worcestershire North England Greater Manchester Merseyside North Yorkshire South Yorkshire Tyne & Wear West Yorkshire South Wales Cardiff Monmouthshire Newport Swansea Everywhere Else RemoteUp to £20k £20k - £30k £30k - £40k £40k - £50k £50k - £60k £60k - £80k £80k - £100k £100k+ Up to £100 per day £100 - £200 per day £200 - £300 per day £300 - £400 per day £400 - £500 per day £500 + per dayAgency Client SideRefine resultsCloseAffiliates Agency Client Services Agency Planning & Strategy Agency Project Management Analytics Biddable Media & PPC Brand, Marketing & Comms Brand Management Content & Social Media CRM Digital Marketing Internal Communications SEO PR & CommunicationsAll Permanent ContractSouth West England Bath Bristol Cornwall & Isles of Scilly Devon Dorset Gloucestershire Somerset Wiltshire South East England and Coast Berkshire Buckinghamshire East Sussex Essex Hampshire Isle of Wight Kent Oxfordshire Surrey West Sussex London Central London East London North London South London West London East England Bedfordshire Cambridgeshire Hertfordshire Norfolk Suffolk Midlands Birmingham Herefordshire Leicestershire Northamptonshire Nottinghamshire Shropshire Staffordshire Warwickshire Worcestershire North England Greater Manchester Merseyside North Yorkshire South Yorkshire Tyne & Wear West Yorkshire South Wales Cardiff Monmouthshire Newport Swansea Everywhere Else Remote Up to £20k £20k - £30k £30k - £40k £40k - £50k £50k - £60k £60k - £80k £80k - £100k £100k+ Up to £100 per day £100 - £200 per day £200 - £300 per day £300 - £400 per day £400 - £500 per day £500 + per day Agency Client SideNo eCommerce_REMOVED jobs are available at the moment. Similar jobs from related sectors are shown below.22nd JanInternal Communications & Employee Engagement Manager— Initial 6 Month FTCSplit Role between Employee Engagement & Internal Comms. Initial 6 Month FTC – Full Time. Competitive Salary & Flexible Working. Here is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Internal Communications & Engagement Specialist to join a large organisation in Chippenham on an initial 6 month FTC basis. This role is split down the middle between internal comms and engagement, and we are looking for someone to start fairly quickly to ensure there is a handover with the current incumbent who is leaving in February. What you’ll be doing The role has two main parts. You will drive and manage engagement through effective internal comms and the development of a strong employer brand, ensuring you position the employer as a workplace of choice for both existing and new employees. You will also be accountable for measuring engagement and return on investment (ROI), with the ability to interpret results, and amend and improve ongoing results to ensure success. You will have proven experience in designing, writing, setting up and executing engagement surveys, with the ability to analyse results and report afterwards. You will then utilise internal comms channels to drive engagement and update close to 20,000 employees. You will source, write and edit content that celebrates the employees, processes and programmes, and will develop additional channels to improve two way communication for colleagues. You will also analyse and leverage data insights to design and lead delivery of strategic employee engagement programmes. This is a very busy role and you will be working within a fast paced environment. Initially employed on a 6 month fixed term contract, there is potential for this to be extended. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous experience running employee engagement programmes Have worked in a specialist internal comms role previously Experience of running engagement surveys and analysing results Exceptional verbal and written communication skills A strong influencer with great stakeholder management skills Ability to work in a fast paced environment and remain calm under pressure What you’ll get in return for your talents Although this is an initial 6 month FTC, there is a competitive salary on offer (£45k-£50k pro rata), flexible home/office working and a great team to collaborate with. What next As we’re approaching Christmas, for now please just apply and I will come back to you as soon as I can.Location:ChippenhamType:PermanentSalary:£45k-£50k pro rataSplit Role between Employee Engagement & Internal Comms. Initial 6 Month FTC – Full Time. Competitive Salary & Flexible Working. Here is an excellent opportunity for an experienced Internal Communications & Engagement Specialist to join a large organisation in Chippenham on an initial 6 month FTC basis. This role is split down the middle between internal comms and engagement, and we are looking for someone to start fairly quickly to ensure there is a handover with the current incumbent who is leaving in February. What you’ll be doing The role has two main parts. You will drive and manage engagement through effective internal comms and the development of a strong employer brand, ensuring you position the employer as a workplace of choice for both existing and new employees. You will also be accountable for measuring engagement and return on investment (ROI), with the ability to interpret results, and amend and improve ongoing results to ensure success. You will have proven experience in designing, writing, setting up and executing engagement surveys, with the ability to analyse results and report afterwards. You will then utilise internal comms channels to drive engagement and update close to 20,000 employees. You will source, write and edit content that celebrates the employees, processes and programmes, and will develop additional channels to improve two way communication for colleagues. You will also analyse and leverage data insights to design and lead delivery of strategic employee engagement programmes. This is a very busy role and you will be working within a fast paced environment. Initially employed on a 6 month fixed term contract, there is potential for this to be extended. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous experience running employee engagement programmes Have worked in a specialist internal comms role previously Experience of running engagement surveys and analysing results Exceptional verbal and written communication skills A strong influencer with great stakeholder management skills Ability to work in a fast paced environment and remain calm under pressure What you’ll get in return for your talents Although this is an initial 6 month FTC, there is a competitive salary on offer (£45k-£50k pro rata), flexible home/office working and a great team to collaborate with. What next As we’re approaching Christmas, for now please just apply and I will come back to you as soon as I can.22nd JanMarketing Manager— Professional services (b2b)A market leading organisation. The office is based in central Bristol and post pandemic will be mainly office based. This role will have a strategic impact but will mainly be delivery orientated. A fantastic opportunity became available to join an established business that remains stable even during the times of uncertainty. The successful candidate will report into the Head of Marketing and will work with a medium size team, with no direct reports. What you’ll be doing The successful candidate for this role will work support the Head of Marketing with a certain business unit where they will take ownership of planning and implementing multi-channel campaigns (with a main emphasis towards digital channels) to promote products and services. There will be a big element of stakeholder engagement (both internal and external) and managing conflicting priorities. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous b2b marketing experience ideally gained from FS or PS sector. Strong campaign and project management skills. Exceptional communication skills and outstanding attention to detail. Effortless relationship building and nurturing ability. Personality wise you’ll be adaptable, committed and have a positive attitude. What you’ll get in return for your experience A starting salary of c/ £40k + bonus, car allowance and benefits. An opportunity to work for a well known and secure organisation. What next? Please get in touch with Ania for more info.Location:central BristolType:PermanentSalary:£35-40kA market leading organisation. The office is based in central Bristol and post pandemic will be mainly office based. This role will have a strategic impact but will mainly be delivery orientated. A fantastic opportunity became available to join an established business that remains stable even during the times of uncertainty. The successful candidate will report into the Head of Marketing and will work with a medium size team, with no direct reports. What you’ll be doing The successful candidate for this role will work support the Head of Marketing with a certain business unit where they will take ownership of planning and implementing multi-channel campaigns (with a main emphasis towards digital channels) to promote products and services. There will be a big element of stakeholder engagement (both internal and external) and managing conflicting priorities. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous b2b marketing experience ideally gained from FS or PS sector. Strong campaign and project management skills. Exceptional communication skills and outstanding attention to detail. Effortless relationship building and nurturing ability. Personality wise you’ll be adaptable, committed and have a positive attitude. What you’ll get in return for your experience A starting salary of c/ £40k + bonus, car allowance and benefits. An opportunity to work for a well known and secure organisation. What next? Please get in touch with Ania for more info.22nd JanSEO Manager— Established eCommerce AgencyFantastic clients within the retail sector. An award-winning agency. Opportunity to be a part of a high-performing team and progress your career. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced SEO Manager with a track record of delivering results, to create, manage, and own the SEO strategies for clients, as well as lead a team of SEO Executives within an award-winning agency. What you’ll be doing You’ll be responsible for the creation and implementation of the SEO strategies for your clients, ensuring that the strategy is in line with growth targets, producing monthly reports with advice and recommendations against key performance indicators. You will also be expected to provide continuous mentoring to your team, including supporting their own personal development goals, while also making sure they are using their time effectively, completing their tasks on time and to a high standard. This role will also require you to have a goal-driven and hands-on approach. You will be expected to perform keyword research to optimise existing content and uncover new opportunities, create content in line with keyword analysis and Metadata, develop and implement a range of white hat link building campaigns, and carry out detailed backlink analysis to identify opportunities from appropriate sources. Using your analytical ability, you will be expected to provide detailed analysis using third party SEO tools, drawing insight from both client-specific sectors, and generic industry data to gain a full understanding of industry trends and to add content to the performance on each account. The Experience you’ll need Experience in a senior SEO role with a track record of delivering results. In-depth knowledge of SEO best practice. Thorough understanding of a range of SEO tools. Copywriting skills for online content and landing pages. Excellent communication and client management skills. Working knowledge of Google Tools. Experience in managing and mentoring a team is preferred. What you’ll get in return for your talents A competitive salary depending on experience, a cycle to work scheme, access to an Amazon Prime account, and fantastic work social opportunities. What’s next? Please drop Harriet an email to find out more.Location:WiltshireType:PermanentSalary:CompetitiveFantastic clients within the retail sector. An award-winning agency. Opportunity to be a part of a high-performing team and progress your career. This is an exciting opportunity for an experienced SEO Manager with a track record of delivering results, to create, manage, and own the SEO strategies for clients, as well as lead a team of SEO Executives within an award-winning agency. What you’ll be doing You’ll be responsible for the creation and implementation of the SEO strategies for your clients, ensuring that the strategy is in line with growth targets, producing monthly reports with advice and recommendations against key performance indicators. You will also be expected to provide continuous mentoring to your team, including supporting their own personal development goals, while also making sure they are using their time effectively, completing their tasks on time and to a high standard. This role will also require you to have a goal-driven and hands-on approach. You will be expected to perform keyword research to optimise existing content and uncover new opportunities, create content in line with keyword analysis and Metadata, develop and implement a range of white hat link building campaigns, and carry out detailed backlink analysis to identify opportunities from appropriate sources. Using your analytical ability, you will be expected to provide detailed analysis using third party SEO tools, drawing insight from both client-specific sectors, and generic industry data to gain a full understanding of industry trends and to add content to the performance on each account. The Experience you’ll need Experience in a senior SEO role with a track record of delivering results. In-depth knowledge of SEO best practice. Thorough understanding of a range of SEO tools. Copywriting skills for online content and landing pages. Excellent communication and client management skills. Working knowledge of Google Tools. Experience in managing and mentoring a team is preferred. What you’ll get in return for your talents A competitive salary depending on experience, a cycle to work scheme, access to an Amazon Prime account, and fantastic work social opportunities. What’s next? Please drop Harriet an email to find out more.22nd JanB2B PR Account Director (remote working available)— Global Green Energy / Technology ClientsVery flexible working (4 or 5 days/week, remote or in the office). Work with innovative Tech companies in the Green Energy sector. Excellent salary, profit share bonus and other great benefits. This is a great opportunity for an experienced B2B PR Account Director with Energy sector or Green Tech client experience. The salary banding is quite broad and reflects their willingness to hire a sparky, up-and-coming Senior Account Manager who’s looking for a step up, through to a very experienced Account Director looking for a fresh challenge. They’re very family focussed and offer very flexible working options - post-lockdown you’ll be able to come into the office as much or as little as you like. It’s a grown up place to work (that doesn’t mean that they aren’t fun to work with!). What you’ll be doing This successful B2B PR Account Director will: Take the lead on client relationships with global companies and start-ups/scale-ups Consult clients to understand their world, the opportunities available in their markets, devise a media and marketing strategy, and oversee the delivery of the that work (PR and Content are the primary outputs but it will vary dependent on the client and strategy. Help with pitches and onboarding of new clients (although they are a bit flexible on this – you may be great at delivery and that’s Ok too) Maintain and build on your expertise in PR within the Energy and Green Tech sector Manage and mentor junior members of the team What experience you’ll need to apply Proven track record in B2B PR Proven expertise in the Energy or Green Tech sectors Agency experience is preferred but isn’t essential – they’ll consider candidates who’ve worked in house planning and delivering B2B PR and Marketing Communications for Energy and Green Tech companies. You’ll be proactive and passionate about the sector that you work in – you won’t need micro management and you’ll share in the agency’s ambitions to grow their client base and continue to deliver the very best work for their clients. What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive salary in the region of £40k-£60k depending on experience. Flexible or remote working for those that wish to spend less time in the office – you can be based full-time in their office if you prefer, it’s up to you. Profit share bonus after qualifying period Macbook and phone allowance Good pension scheme Cycle to work scheme Childcare vouchers What's next? If you have B2B PR experience within the Energy or Green Tech sectors then please get in touch right away!Location:BerkshireType:PermanentSalary:£40k-£60kVery flexible working (4 or 5 days/week, remote or in the office). Work with innovative Tech companies in the Green Energy sector. Excellent salary, profit share bonus and other great benefits. This is a great opportunity for an experienced B2B PR Account Director with Energy sector or Green Tech client experience. The salary banding is quite broad and reflects their willingness to hire a sparky, up-and-coming Senior Account Manager who’s looking for a step up, through to a very experienced Account Director looking for a fresh challenge. They’re very family focussed and offer very flexible working options - post-lockdown you’ll be able to come into the office as much or as little as you like. It’s a grown up place to work (that doesn’t mean that they aren’t fun to work with!). What you’ll be doing This successful B2B PR Account Director will: Take the lead on client relationships with global companies and start-ups/scale-ups Consult clients to understand their world, the opportunities available in their markets, devise a media and marketing strategy, and oversee the delivery of the that work (PR and Content are the primary outputs but it will vary dependent on the client and strategy. Help with pitches and onboarding of new clients (although they are a bit flexible on this – you may be great at delivery and that’s Ok too) Maintain and build on your expertise in PR within the Energy and Green Tech sector Manage and mentor junior members of the team What experience you’ll need to apply Proven track record in B2B PR Proven expertise in the Energy or Green Tech sectors Agency experience is preferred but isn’t essential – they’ll consider candidates who’ve worked in house planning and delivering B2B PR and Marketing Communications for Energy and Green Tech companies. You’ll be proactive and passionate about the sector that you work in – you won’t need micro management and you’ll share in the agency’s ambitions to grow their client base and continue to deliver the very best work for their clients. What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive salary in the region of £40k-£60k depending on experience. Flexible or remote working for those that wish to spend less time in the office – you can be based full-time in their office if you prefer, it’s up to you. Profit share bonus after qualifying period Macbook and phone allowance Good pension scheme Cycle to work scheme Childcare vouchers What's next? If you have B2B PR experience within the Energy or Green Tech sectors then please get in touch right away!22nd JanCRM Specialist— Financial Services OrganisationExcellent opportunity to make an impact Have ownership over the CRM & customer data Varied role with lots of potential Excellent opportunity to make an impact within a financial services organisation. They are looking to bring someone on board to own the CRM and customer data management and analysis for the business. Help them get the most out of their CRM and improve business processes to make a real impact. What you’ll be doing The successful CRM specialist will work within the Marketing Communications team and will use their experience to support the business to get the most out of their CRM, Hubspot, and work on data quality & management for their customer data. The role will be varied and the CRM Specialist will also get involved with digital analytics, segmentation and campaign performance analysis alongside the rest of the team. The CRM Specialist will work closely with stakeholders across the business to help make all communications with customers as personalised as possible. What experience you’ll need to apply Solid CRM experience ideally with Hubspot, but any other CRM is OK Experience of working in marketing communications Understanding of data driven marketing Analytical mindset Excellent communication skills What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive base salary of between £30K-£40K base salary (dependent on experience) plus a great benefits package and bonus. Flexi-time and flexible working post COVID down to the individualLocation:BathType:PermanentSalary:£30K - £40KExcellent opportunity to make an impact Have ownership over the CRM & customer data Varied role with lots of potential Excellent opportunity to make an impact within a financial services organisation. They are looking to bring someone on board to own the CRM and customer data management and analysis for the business. Help them get the most out of their CRM and improve business processes to make a real impact. What you’ll be doing The successful CRM specialist will work within the Marketing Communications team and will use their experience to support the business to get the most out of their CRM, Hubspot, and work on data quality & management for their customer data. The role will be varied and the CRM Specialist will also get involved with digital analytics, segmentation and campaign performance analysis alongside the rest of the team. The CRM Specialist will work closely with stakeholders across the business to help make all communications with customers as personalised as possible. What experience you’ll need to apply Solid CRM experience ideally with Hubspot, but any other CRM is OK Experience of working in marketing communications Understanding of data driven marketing Analytical mindset Excellent communication skills What you’ll get in return for your experience A competitive base salary of between £30K-£40K base salary (dependent on experience) plus a great benefits package and bonus. Flexi-time and flexible working post COVID down to the individual21st JanPaid Media Executive— Global, Multi-channel RetailerJoin a rapidly growing business. Opportunity for a creative thinking individual. Chance to work with a brand on a global scale. You will be joining a team of a highly established and globally recognised business, playing a pivotal role in supporting the company during a period of international expansion. Reporting into and working closely with the Digital Marketing Manager, you will hold the responsibility for Paid Media Investments across Social, Display, and search, provide input into key marketing strategies and help to optimise revenue. What you’ll be doing Your role will involve creating campaigns from start to finish to increase brand and product awareness with clear research, testing, and tracking. You will be expected to capitalise on Social Media Platforms, ensuring that the right audience is targeted at peak times on relevant platforms (such as Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, YouTube, etc). Moreover, on an ongoing basis, you will be expected to optimise Paid Media Campaigns, involving bid optimisation, landing page recommendations, analysing search query reports, and updating or creating ad copy, messaging, and imagery. This position offers you the chance to be a key member of the Digital Marketing team, allowing you to draw upon your creative and strategic decision-making skills to help develop the business’ global presence, while continuously identifying strategies to enhance this. What experience you’ll need Experience in a specialist Paid Media Role. Experience with Online Marketing Strategies including, Paid Media, Social Platforms, Content Marketing, and a track record of successful execution of Paid Media across Social and SEM. An interest in Social Media with a passion to learn new trends. Competent in using a range of Digital Platforms including Facebook Power Editor and Google Analytics. Comfortable with using Excel. Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite (Preferred). What you’ll get in return for your talents A competitive salary with a company profit share scheme, employee product discounts, healthcare benefits, and the opportunity to travel to offices across the world. What’s next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV and get in touch with Harriet to be considered!Location:SheffieldType:PermanentSalary:CompetitiveJoin a rapidly growing business. Opportunity for a creative thinking individual. Chance to work with a brand on a global scale. You will be joining a team of a highly established and globally recognised business, playing a pivotal role in supporting the company during a period of international expansion. Reporting into and working closely with the Digital Marketing Manager, you will hold the responsibility for Paid Media Investments across Social, Display, and search, provide input into key marketing strategies and help to optimise revenue. What you’ll be doing Your role will involve creating campaigns from start to finish to increase brand and product awareness with clear research, testing, and tracking. You will be expected to capitalise on Social Media Platforms, ensuring that the right audience is targeted at peak times on relevant platforms (such as Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter, YouTube, etc). Moreover, on an ongoing basis, you will be expected to optimise Paid Media Campaigns, involving bid optimisation, landing page recommendations, analysing search query reports, and updating or creating ad copy, messaging, and imagery. This position offers you the chance to be a key member of the Digital Marketing team, allowing you to draw upon your creative and strategic decision-making skills to help develop the business’ global presence, while continuously identifying strategies to enhance this. What experience you’ll need Experience in a specialist Paid Media Role. Experience with Online Marketing Strategies including, Paid Media, Social Platforms, Content Marketing, and a track record of successful execution of Paid Media across Social and SEM. An interest in Social Media with a passion to learn new trends. Competent in using a range of Digital Platforms including Facebook Power Editor and Google Analytics. Comfortable with using Excel. Knowledge of Adobe Creative Suite (Preferred). What you’ll get in return for your talents A competitive salary with a company profit share scheme, employee product discounts, healthcare benefits, and the opportunity to travel to offices across the world. What’s next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV and get in touch with Harriet to be considered!21st JanAffiliates and Earned Media Executive— Global, Multi-channel RetailerOpportunity to work with influencers on a global scale. A chance to use creativity to increase brand awareness. Join a rapidly growing and secure business. You’ll be joining the Digital Marketing team of a highly reputable brand and will be responsible for dealing with and recruiting influencers for the business' eCommerce platforms. Helping to create and drive the business’ earned media strategy and capitalising on their awarding-winning products to do so. What you’ll be doing Reporting into the Digital Marketing Manager, your role will involve holding responsibility in supporting brand campaigns, and product launches. You will know how to source and identify relevant influencers in line with the product demographic and the campaign objectives. This position offers you the opportunity to use your knowledge within PR and Social Media to resource new affiliate partners opportunities and manage key relationships. You’ll need to ensure that all ROI sales targets are met, and that campaign strategies work seamlessly across multiple channels. In addition, you will have responsibility for the annual influencer marketing budget and be expected to keep on top of emerging trends and technologies. What experience you’ll need to apply Professional experience in Social Media, focusing on Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, and Snapchat. Experience working with influencers and with digital PR. Experience working as part of a Digital Marketing team, helping to develop SEP proposals and implement PR activities. Competent in networking, establishing, and maintaining key relationships. Skilled in researching, writing, and releasing press and social media content to targeted media and website blogs. The ability to manage multiple campaigns, deliver under pressure, independently manage your workload efficiently. Adobe Creative Skills (Preferred). What you’ll get in return? Competitive salary with a company profit share scheme, alongside employee discounts, healthcare benefits, and international exposure. What’s next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV and get in touch with Harriet to be considered!Location:SheffieldType:PermanentSalary:CompetitiveOpportunity to work with influencers on a global scale. A chance to use creativity to increase brand awareness. Join a rapidly growing and secure business. You’ll be joining the Digital Marketing team of a highly reputable brand and will be responsible for dealing with and recruiting influencers for the business' eCommerce platforms. Helping to create and drive the business’ earned media strategy and capitalising on their awarding-winning products to do so. What you’ll be doing Reporting into the Digital Marketing Manager, your role will involve holding responsibility in supporting brand campaigns, and product launches. You will know how to source and identify relevant influencers in line with the product demographic and the campaign objectives. This position offers you the opportunity to use your knowledge within PR and Social Media to resource new affiliate partners opportunities and manage key relationships. You’ll need to ensure that all ROI sales targets are met, and that campaign strategies work seamlessly across multiple channels. In addition, you will have responsibility for the annual influencer marketing budget and be expected to keep on top of emerging trends and technologies. What experience you’ll need to apply Professional experience in Social Media, focusing on Instagram, YouTube, Tik Tok, and Snapchat. Experience working with influencers and with digital PR. Experience working as part of a Digital Marketing team, helping to develop SEP proposals and implement PR activities. Competent in networking, establishing, and maintaining key relationships. Skilled in researching, writing, and releasing press and social media content to targeted media and website blogs. The ability to manage multiple campaigns, deliver under pressure, independently manage your workload efficiently. Adobe Creative Skills (Preferred). What you’ll get in return? Competitive salary with a company profit share scheme, alongside employee discounts, healthcare benefits, and international exposure. What’s next? This is an urgent requirement, so please send your CV and get in touch with Harriet to be considered!21st JanMid-Weight Copywriter— Marketing AgencyJoin a digital first agency who work with globally recognised consumer brands. Form a key part of a talented studio to deliver on digital campaign briefs. Be part of a sort-after culture and working environment including some remote working. We’re looking for a Copywriter to join a digital first agency with their HQ based in Bristol. This is your chance to join a forward-thinking agency to help deliver creative on a variety of channels for one of the widest known consumer brands globally. The role is currently remote, but the agency has roots in Bristol so some travel to the studio will be expected long term. What you'll be doing Forming part of a talented, close-knit creative team you’ll be delivering insightful and attractive copy for consumer brands across various digital channels including web, apps, email and DM. Reporting into the Conceptual Copywriter you’ll be working shoulder to shoulder with a collaborative team of specialists, including designers, strategists, art directors, developers and a fellow copywriter. There will be a key focus on campaign work, so you'll bring a track record of writing digital short form copy to deliver briefs that will drive tangible results. In addition to this, you'll support the wider team longer form copy such as presentations, blogs and case study writing. This role calls for a true problem solver with a tenacious approach and the ability to think on their feet to deliver on a variety of briefs at pace, be it more complex copy, reinventing a piece of work or a fresh new idea! The agency works with some big-name consumer brands, and this role will focus on one of their key accounts in the main. We’re looking for a writer who will be a safe pair of hands with problem solving briefs and presenting to the design team, senior stakeholders and clients alike. The team are currently working remotely and when the time is right will be looking for a new home in Bristol, with plenty of continued flexibility offered. With that in mind, we're open to hearing from copywriters in different locations who are comfortable with regular travel to Bristol. What experience you’ll need Commercial background in copywriting within an agency environment. A portfolio full of copywriting examples, ideally digital campaign work. Excellent proofreading skills and attention to detail. Hands on with both thinking up concepts and executing copy. A team player who thrives when collaborating to solve a problem. Confident leading on briefs when needed and presenting ideas to clients. What you’ll get in return for your experience You’ll join an agency with a reputable culture and gain the opportunity to work with some globally recognised brands. You’ll receive a competitive salary and join a close-knit creative team who really care about your career development. What’s next Apply with an up to date CV + portfolio of work to be considered.Location:Bristol / RemoteType:PermanentSalary:Circa £28kJoin a digital first agency who work with globally recognised consumer brands. Form a key part of a talented studio to deliver on digital campaign briefs. Be part of a sort-after culture and working environment including some remote working. We’re looking for a Copywriter to join a digital first agency with their HQ based in Bristol. This is your chance to join a forward-thinking agency to help deliver creative on a variety of channels for one of the widest known consumer brands globally. The role is currently remote, but the agency has roots in Bristol so some travel to the studio will be expected long term. What you'll be doing Forming part of a talented, close-knit creative team you’ll be delivering insightful and attractive copy for consumer brands across various digital channels including web, apps, email and DM. Reporting into the Conceptual Copywriter you’ll be working shoulder to shoulder with a collaborative team of specialists, including designers, strategists, art directors, developers and a fellow copywriter. There will be a key focus on campaign work, so you'll bring a track record of writing digital short form copy to deliver briefs that will drive tangible results. In addition to this, you'll support the wider team longer form copy such as presentations, blogs and case study writing. This role calls for a true problem solver with a tenacious approach and the ability to think on their feet to deliver on a variety of briefs at pace, be it more complex copy, reinventing a piece of work or a fresh new idea! The agency works with some big-name consumer brands, and this role will focus on one of their key accounts in the main. We’re looking for a writer who will be a safe pair of hands with problem solving briefs and presenting to the design team, senior stakeholders and clients alike. The team are currently working remotely and when the time is right will be looking for a new home in Bristol, with plenty of continued flexibility offered. With that in mind, we're open to hearing from copywriters in different locations who are comfortable with regular travel to Bristol. What experience you’ll need Commercial background in copywriting within an agency environment. A portfolio full of copywriting examples, ideally digital campaign work. Excellent proofreading skills and attention to detail. Hands on with both thinking up concepts and executing copy. A team player who thrives when collaborating to solve a problem. Confident leading on briefs when needed and presenting ideas to clients. What you’ll get in return for your experience You’ll join an agency with a reputable culture and gain the opportunity to work with some globally recognised brands. You’ll receive a competitive salary and join a close-knit creative team who really care about your career development. What’s next Apply with an up to date CV + portfolio of work to be considered.21st JanDigital Project Manager - FTC— Leading Retail Client - Remote Working· Exciting opportunity to play a key role within this well-established retailer. · Be the go-to person for all things Digital Project Management. · Fun and friendly culture, with long term flexible remote working. If you'd love nothing more than to be a part of a close knit, talented digital team working with a a variety of fashion clients then this could well be the role you've been waiting for. What you'll be doing As Digital Project Manager, you will take the lead on ensuring the successful design, development, and delivery of websites for retail clients from inception to completion. My client is proud that a lot of their work is via repeat business and referrals from happy customers, as DPM a key part of your role will be to ensure that projects are delivered on time, on budget and to a consistently high quality. Your day to day will include planning requirements and scoping project work, operating closely with internal developers and designers to deliver projects on time whilst offering clear communication stakeholder-wide and using multiple software tools to control the process. Projects initially will be small to medium size, whilst you get your feet under the table and liaise extensively with design and marketing departments to offer your skills and experience around all things digital. Your role will be integral to the success of the business and likewise you will be a valued member of the team for existing and future of the business, working very closely with the Head of Digital. What experience you'll need · You’ll ideally be a Digital Project Manager, Digital Producer or similar with experience of a fast paced, agile agency environment. · Strong track record managing digital/web related projects. · Technical understanding around open source technology and various CMS. · Experience of working with developers and designers. · Good exposure to UX and marketing teams and projects. · First rate client management and stakeholder management skills. · Excellent communication and organisational skills. · Not afraid to get stuck in and lead from the front, you will naturally be the lynchpin between technical and non-technical colleague and clients. What you'll get in return for your talents In return, you will enjoy great exposure to a variety of digital projects, with interesting retail/fashion clients and be the go-to person for digital project management. The company culture is superb with very flexible working options, visiting the office twice a month on average. What's next? If you think you fit the bill, apply via this advertisement, or contact Aaron Drury at ADLIB Recruitment for more information. Please note this is a 12-month fixed term contract, which offers the possibility of joining the business on a permanent basis after 12 months.Location:ExeterType:PermanentSalary:£28000 - £32000· Exciting opportunity to play a key role within this well-established retailer. · Be the go-to person for all things Digital Project Management. · Fun and friendly culture, with long term flexible remote working. If you'd love nothing more than to be a part of a close knit, talented digital team working with a a variety of fashion clients then this could well be the role you've been waiting for. What you'll be doing As Digital Project Manager, you will take the lead on ensuring the successful design, development, and delivery of websites for retail clients from inception to completion. My client is proud that a lot of their work is via repeat business and referrals from happy customers, as DPM a key part of your role will be to ensure that projects are delivered on time, on budget and to a consistently high quality. Your day to day will include planning requirements and scoping project work, operating closely with internal developers and designers to deliver projects on time whilst offering clear communication stakeholder-wide and using multiple software tools to control the process. Projects initially will be small to medium size, whilst you get your feet under the table and liaise extensively with design and marketing departments to offer your skills and experience around all things digital. Your role will be integral to the success of the business and likewise you will be a valued member of the team for existing and future of the business, working very closely with the Head of Digital. What experience you'll need · You’ll ideally be a Digital Project Manager, Digital Producer or similar with experience of a fast paced, agile agency environment. · Strong track record managing digital/web related projects. · Technical understanding around open source technology and various CMS. · Experience of working with developers and designers. · Good exposure to UX and marketing teams and projects. · First rate client management and stakeholder management skills. · Excellent communication and organisational skills. · Not afraid to get stuck in and lead from the front, you will naturally be the lynchpin between technical and non-technical colleague and clients. What you'll get in return for your talents In return, you will enjoy great exposure to a variety of digital projects, with interesting retail/fashion clients and be the go-to person for digital project management. The company culture is superb with very flexible working options, visiting the office twice a month on average. What's next? If you think you fit the bill, apply via this advertisement, or contact Aaron Drury at ADLIB Recruitment for more information. Please note this is a 12-month fixed term contract, which offers the possibility of joining the business on a permanent basis after 12 months.21st JanMarketing Manager— New Customer AcquisitionLovely and established consumer brand. This role will have an emphasis on direct and traditional marketing in oppose to digital. The office in Somerset, approx. 40 mins drive from Bath. Due to the remote office location we can only consider candidates with their own transport. The Client could offer a small degree of flexible working post pandemic. A fantastic, brand new opportunity became available to join an established and growing business based in Somerset. The successful candidate will work within a team of around of six. What you’ll be doing The successful candidate for this role will be ultimately responsible for driving new acquisition to the business through a range of traditional marketing channels. For example, using cold list mailing campaign to develop a prospect list. Another part of the role will be to work with a media agency to develop a media insert schedule for target customers. In addition, you’ll work on developing media and brand partnerships, similarly, to maximise new leads generation. Last but not least, you’ll be in charge of analysis all of the above, making sure that campaigns are optimised and the budget is adjusted accordingly. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous direct marketing experience ideally within a b2c space. Strong analytical skills. Solid understanding of lead generation and customer acquisition journey. Ability to work efficiently with colleagues and suppliers. What you’ll get in return for your experience A starting salary of £30-35k + benefits. Also an opportunity to start with “blank canvas” and really be able to make your mark within the field in subject. What next? Please get in touch with Ania for more info.Location:SomersetType:PermanentSalary:£30-35kLovely and established consumer brand. This role will have an emphasis on direct and traditional marketing in oppose to digital. The office in Somerset, approx. 40 mins drive from Bath. Due to the remote office location we can only consider candidates with their own transport. The Client could offer a small degree of flexible working post pandemic. A fantastic, brand new opportunity became available to join an established and growing business based in Somerset. The successful candidate will work within a team of around of six. What you’ll be doing The successful candidate for this role will be ultimately responsible for driving new acquisition to the business through a range of traditional marketing channels. For example, using cold list mailing campaign to develop a prospect list. Another part of the role will be to work with a media agency to develop a media insert schedule for target customers. In addition, you’ll work on developing media and brand partnerships, similarly, to maximise new leads generation. Last but not least, you’ll be in charge of analysis all of the above, making sure that campaigns are optimised and the budget is adjusted accordingly. What experience you’ll need to apply Previous direct marketing experience ideally within a b2c space. Strong analytical skills. Solid understanding of lead generation and customer acquisition journey. Ability to work efficiently with colleagues and suppliers. What you’ll get in return for your experience A starting salary of £30-35k + benefits. Also an opportunity to start with “blank canvas” and really be able to make your mark within the field in subject. What next? Please get in touch with Ania for more info.Show all eCommerce_REMOVED jobs Show all 0 eCommerce_REMOVED jobsMarketing case studiesEvolution Power ToolsTracking down top talent outside the beaten trackEvolution Power Tools are a fast growing International business expanding their market presence at pace.In need of a Paid Search Specialist ADLIB were approached to support in tracking down a marketing specialist that was proving an elusive skill set to find.The business location and specialism of paid search meant that there was a small candidate pool within which to source candidates.Through an integrated talent attraction campaign, headhunting and tapping into our existing networks we successful sourced and matched them with exactly what they were seeking within 4 weeks.“ADLIB used their digital marketing expertise and network to source an amazing candidate quickly. This was such a smooth process down to ADLIB's knowledge and proactive nature.”Oliver Woodland, HR Adviser at Evolution Power Tools LimitedOutlawTracking down a perfect skill and cultural fitOutlaw are a new, progressive agency, specializing in branding and packing, in the heart of Bristol.They approached us to help them find a Senior Account Manager to come in and help establish their client services offering.The specialism of the agency as well as the fact that they were newly established and fast growing meant it was really important to find the right candidate for the role- not only based on experience but also culture.Tapping into our extensive network of agency professionals, we were able to find Outlaw’s perfect SAM. She perfectly met their requirements and is set to achieve amazing things there.\"ADLIB took the time to really get to know Outlaw, coming to meet us and getting under the skin of what we’re about. This meant we were able to meet great candidates and make a fantastic hire really swiftly.\"Elissa O’Brien, Strategy Director at Outlaw.ADLIB BlogLocal, knowledgeable and authentic.A wealth of wisdom here, showcasing and featuring thought-leaders, career journeys, tips and expert advice.Read the latest articles hereGuides and SurveysDay Rate & Salary benchmarks, tips to retain top talent & skill-sets in demand.View and downloadTech, Data, Engineering, Science, Sustainability, eCom, Marketing or Design jobs directly to your inbox.Tailor your alertsLooking to recruit Tech, Data, Engineering, Science, Sustainability, eCom, Marketing or Design talent?Contact usJob alerts News updates About ADLIB Join ADLIB Specialisms Privacy & cookies Sitemap ContactCall: 0117 926 9530Email: hello@adlib-recruitment.co.ukCompany registered in England and Wales No: 5138584. Member of APSCo.Follow us×Sign in to your accountSign inForget your Password ?click here to reset your passwordNot got an account? Please register hereRegister×Reset PasswordPlease enter your email address below to receive a link to reset your password via email.CancelReset Password"
