"Jobs | Hire Veterans - The #1 Veteran Jobs MarketplaceJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskSign inSign upJobsEmployersPost a JobResume SearchRatesJob FairsJob NewsContact UsHelp DeskLocationFind JobsEmail me jobs like thisEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchLocationFind JobsRefine by CategoriesRetail 35426 Other 7368 Management 2338 Professional Services 2277 Engineering 1880 Defense 1693Nurse 1622 Health Care 1402 Installation - Maint - Repair 1359 Nonprofit - Social Services 1240 Education 1203 Pharmaceutical 1071 Business 1022 Veterinary Services 991 Information Technology (IT) 877 Accounting 652 Government 645 Logistics 610MoreRefine by StateCalifornia 533 Texas 387 Virginia 293 Florida 247 Arizona 193 Maryland 170North Carolina 129 New York 122 Alabama 106 Illinois 100 Georgia 99 Washington 94 Massachusetts 91 Ohio 90 Colorado 79 District of Columbia 73 Tennessee 68 Pennsylvania 52 South Carolina 51 Indiana 43MoreRefine by Job TypeFull-Time 233 Contractor 23 Full/Part-Time 3 Seasonal 3 Part-Time 2 Intern 1Refine by Salary Rangeup to $20,000 1 $20,000 - $40,000 42 $40,000 - $75,000 33 $75,000 - $100,000 6 $100,000 - $150,000 3 $150,000 - $200,000 2Manufacturing Construction Administration3,544 jobs foundJan 17, 2021Executive Assistant Featured$50,000 - $60,000 yearlyCompany Overview: Mission First Capital is a 100% Veteran Owned real estate investment company. With a real estate portfolio valued at over $30,000,000 and growing rapidly, the Founders of Mission First Capital are committed to empowering their Veteran brothers and sisters financially, through commercial real estate. Position Overview: The Executive Assistant (EA) provides direct administrative and project support to a successful and rapidly growing organization. Specifically, the Executive Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) is an integral part of the Mission First Capital team. The EA is a strategic partner who keeps the CEO and Operations team focused on organizational goals while ensuring effective coordination and communication. Timely task management, information-sharing, and prioritization are key in order to keep the organization running smoothly. The EA provides direct organizational support to the CEO in scheduling meetings, booking travel,...Mission First Capital Chesapeake, VA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Product Development Coordinator Frankfort, NY FeaturedPLEASE FORWARD RESUMES TO: [email protected] Are you organized, detail focused and enjoy being the support person for a team? We are looking for a professional to coordinate our Product Development Group! Product Development Coordinator The Product Development Coordinator primarily assists the Merchandising Managers and Product Development Team Leader with facilitating tasks involved with the Research and Development of new products and the merchandising and maintenance of existing product lines in our systems. Expectations of the Role: Merchandising Prepares reports and other materials for supplier meetings and conducts market research and trends. Assists in building and maintenance of monthly mailers, email blasts, web pages, and other promotional collateral. Pricing Maintenance Organizes and saves supplier communications regarding price changes and updates the pricing database. Researches and resolves...Northern Safety & Industrial Frankfort, NY Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Fire Protection Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Architect - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Electrical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Mechanical Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Design Manager Support (DMCS) - Civil/Structural Engineer - San Diego, CA FeaturedDESIGN MANAGER SUPPORT (DMCS) Major Duties: Technical Design Management and Oversight - The DMCS shall be responsible for coordinating with team members to execute project scopes, schedules, and budgets in conformance with the project and customer requirements. The DMCS shall be responsible for the minimization of project delays. The DMCS shall provide daily reports. Technical Support - The DMCS shall research codes, guidance, policies, procedures, processes, criteria, and federal laws and regulations and provide sound technical recommendations in writing. The DMCS shall apply innovative technical principles, practices, and theories to the resolution of technical issues. Field Investigations - The DMCS shall perform field investigations, including the review of as-built, to determine existing conditions, document findings, and provide a report to include a written summary of the observations, data collected, and photographs. Data...Ethical Personnel Services, Inc. San Diego, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 12, 2021Technical Assistant for the Office of the Registrar FeaturedPOSITION SUMMARY Harvey Mudd College is recruiting for a highly motivated and service-oriented Technical Assistant to work in the Registrar’s Office, within the Academic Affairs Division. This is a full-time, benefits-eligible, non-exempt, temporary position that reports to the Associate Registrar. This temporary position is up to a 12-month commitment with a renewal option up to a maximum of 21 months, depending on funding and availability. Starting salary is dependent upon qualifications. Information about HMC’s competitive benefits package is available at www.hmc.edu/hrbenefits. The Technical Assistant for the Office of the Registrar provides customer service, quality assurance, and technical support for the Office of the Registrar. The Technical Assistant answers student, faculty, staff, and alumni queries pertaining to college policies, particularly regarding records and registration; conducts end-user testing of various office systems; enters, maintains, and validates...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 08, 2021Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants FeaturedPOSITION SUMMARY Harvey Mudd College (HMC) is seeking an experienced professional to build and lead a grants research and administration structure for HMC faculty and staff. The Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants will serve as the primary administrative and compliance officer for faculty research and external resources and provide oversight and support for pre- and post-award research and sponsored programs activities. Working collaboratively with faculty and academic professionals in all disciplines of the college, the Assistant/Associate Director of Sponsored Programs and Grants will research, promote and facilitate federal, state and private funding opportunities. About Harvey Mudd College: Located in the heart of Claremont, California, 35 miles east of Los Angeles, Harvey Mudd College is a highly selective undergraduate liberal arts college offering degrees in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. HMC enrolls over 800 students...Harvey Mudd College Claremont, CA, USA Full-TimeJan 08, 2021Biotechnician Featured$18.50 hourlyTitle: Biotechnician I Department: Production Exempt or Non-Exempt: Non -Exempt Location: Columbia, MD ACell is a leading regenerative medicine company headquartered in Columbia, Maryland. Join our talented group of professionals in this mission driven company. Our culture is like a community and our employees are encouraged to support each other and build strong working relationships. We offer growth opportunities and a wide range of total rewards. Check out our detailed list of benefits at www.acell.com Position Summary : Employee will carry out manufacturing practices in a cGMP biotechnical facility. The position entails the manual processing of porcine urinary bladders, which includes all aspects from collection of raw materials to packaging of the final product. Following training, work will be expected to be performed independently to a high degree of standard in biomaterial handling, at all times following Standard Operating Procedures...ACell Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Veterans & Transitioning Service Member Jobs FeaturedVeterans & Transitioning Service Member Jobs JSL Technologies, Inc. is a Veteran Owned Naval contractor and we are always looking to employ our Veterans. We thank you for your service and sacrifice for our country! If you are transitioning out of the service and looking for a civilian role within the government, you've come to the right place. Please feel free to send us a resume for consideration, either now, or in the future, we'll do our best to make the match when you ready to go. If you are a Veteran and ready to work now, please check out our career page for our current positions or positions we are looking to win. If you don't see a match there, still apply so we have your resume and we can contact you when we find a match to your skills. Below is a list of our locations and the types of positions we often have. Multiple Locations: CA : Port Hueneme, Point Mugu, Oxnard, Norco, San Diego, Seal Beach DC : Pentagon FL : Mayport HI: Pearl...JSL Technologies, Inc. Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Planner, Journeyman (Scientific Advisory Board (AQB) Events) - TS-SCI US-DC-Pentagon/WDC Job ID 2020-4204 FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://careers-obxtek.icims.com/jobs/4204/job Planner, Journeyman (Scientific Advisory Board (AQB) Events) - TS-SCI Job Locations US-DC-Pentagon/WDC # of Openings 1 Category Professional Services Agency/Project USAF Job ID 2020-4204 Overview OBXtek Inc. is an established, award-winning business providing information technology and professional management services to the federal government. Our corporate growth has coincided with our investment in our employees as well as in outreach to our civilian and military community. Responsibilities The OBXtek 5-year Staffing and Technical Acquisition Services Support (STAQSS) contract for the Headquarters Air Force is seeking a Journeyman Planner for the Scientific Advisory Board. The tasks for this position include: Coordinating, tracking, and reporting travel arrangements for SAB conference attendees...OBXtek Inc US-DC-Pentagon/WDC Full-TimeJan 05, 2021Cabinet Builder or Installer Featured$12.00 - $20.00 hourlyLooking for: detail oriented craftsmen, someone able to lift and move cabinets, use power tools, able to use (or learn to use) a tape measure accurately, need someone who is organized and neat. Preferably a non-smoker. Job positions available in: Cabinet installation, cabinet door construction, paint preparation, cabinet making. Leadership opportunities available with training.Frazor Quality Woodworks 821 Bethlehem Ridge Road, Pickens, SC, USA Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Maintenance Mechanic Technician Featured$40,000 - $45,000 yearlyBalance Staffing is currently hiring for a Direct Hire and Full-Time Maintenance Mechanic Technician for one of our Silicon Wafer manufacturing clients’ team in the Prescott, AZ Area. This individual will be responsible for installation, maintenance and repair of silicon wafer reclaim equipment and the facilities support systems. If you would like to apply for this job, please review the job duties below and email us your updated resume, and we will contact you at our earliest convenience. Essential Duties: Perform facility and manufacturing equipment evaluation, set-up and repair. Includes: assessment, repair and preventive maintenance. Perform maintenance, repair, preventive maintenance activities and complete related documentation per the Standard Operating Procedures for building, manufacturing, food packaging production machines and other equipment (e.g., compressed air, HVAC, etc.) Ability to understand and communicate both written and verbal instructions...Balance Staffing Full-TimeJan 04, 2021International Veteran Liaison Officer HOUSTON, TX Requisition ID: 1604 FeaturedInternational Veteran Liaison Officer Regular Full-Time Houston, TX, US 29 days ago Requisition ID: 1604 General Job Summary: Daily duties include addressing all Veteran clients’ concerns, disputes, scheduling requests, and issues that may arise throughout the course of handling VA-requested Compensation and Pension (C&P) exams for veterans and service members residing overseas. Educate veterans on VES and VA procedures and resolve potential problems. Respond to negative feedback from Veterans and/or Providers. Essential Job Functions: 1) Receive incoming calls directly from upset international veterans; 2) Receive incoming calls transferred from the call center; 3) Process international exam cancellations; 4) Review pending international no-show cases and processes them accordingly; 5) Coordinate and processes reschedules as they arise from Liaison duties; 6) Communicate with potentially violent veterans; and 7) Communicate with potentially homicidal and/or...Veterans Evaluation Services, Inc HOUSTON, TX Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Medical Records Bookmarker Houston, TX FeaturedMedical Records Bookmarker Regular Full-TimeClerical Houston, TX, US30+ days agoRequisition ID: 1566 General Job Summary: Facilitating providers’ review of the veteran’s medical records by providing the pertinent information that is being requested. Go through an entire medical record and determine what is pertinent to the case using the tools at disposal and best judgment. We also rush through any cases that need to be pushed. Essential Job Functions: 1) Separate all pertinent information from the Veteran’s medical record; 2) Successfully research and document medical conditions; 3) Communicate with VBMS for CAPRI checks if needed; 4) Make sure the case is complete before the scheduled exam; 5) Maintain the correct status in OMS for each case; 6) Researching both common and uncommon medical conditions. Additional Duties and Responsibilities: 1) Break down and scan physical c-files if needed; 2) Train for both scanning and...Veterans Evaluation Services, Inc Houston, TX Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Diagnostic Scheduler Houston, TX FeaturedDiagnostic Scheduler Regular Full-Time Houston, TX, US30+ days agoRequisition ID: 1569 General Job Summary: Scheduling diagnostic appointments for veterans within time and distance guidelines set by VA. Working to find and negotiate appointments that are the most convenient for veterans as far as date and time of service and distance traveled. Communicating with facilities to ensure they have all necessary veteran information, pertinent billing information and Doctor credentialing information pertaining to VES and its affiliates. Essential Job Functions: 1) Schedule veterans based on regional availability of facilities, availability of veterans and VA expectations while utilizing mapping software and other tools; 2) Prioritize scheduling based on VA and VES expectations; 3) Act as a point of contact for facilities in order to certify that veterans are seen according to VES guidelines and in a timely manner; 4) Access vendor websites and materials to...Veterans Evaluation Services, Inc Houston, TX Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Call Center Agent I Houston, TX, US FeaturedCall Center Agent I Regular Full-Time Houston, TX, US30+ days agoRequisition ID: 1567 General Job Summary: Communication center agents are responsible for screening all incoming VES calls, as well as directing courteous, educated information to both Veterans and providers alike. Essential Job Functions: 1) Properly authenticate each caller before verifying or releasing any information; 2) Place outgoing and receive incoming calls to and from Veterans regarding compensation and pension exams; 3) Verify and modify personal information; 4) Obtain scheduling availability and traveling availability of Veterans; 5) Confirm or reschedule appointments; 6) Properly modify changes and document information in OMS; 7) Forward calls to staff members in other departments; 8) Notify providers of cancellations for appointments scheduled within 72 hours from time of call; 9) Submit templates and other requests to various individuals and departments within the Agency; 10) Explain...Veterans Evaluation Services, Inc Houston, TX, US Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Certified Medical Billing/Coding Specialist Houston, TX ID.#1612 FeaturedCertified Medical Billing/Coding Specialist Regular Full-Time Houston, TX, US 18 days ago Requisition ID: 1612 General Job Summary: The Certified Medical Billing and Coding Specialist is responsible for maintaining compliance by ensuring all federal and procedural guidelines are followed required by contract. Essential Job Functions: 1) Interprets medical information such as diagnostic testing descriptions and procedures to accurately assign and sequence the correct ICD-10-CM, CPT, and HCPCS rates; 2) Reviews state and federal Medicare reimbursement claims for completeness and accuracy before submission and; 3) Provides technical guidance to the billing and diagnostic recruitment staff in identifying and resolving issues or errors such as incomplete/missing records and documentation, ambiguous/nonspecific documentation, and/or codes that do not confirm the approved coding principles/guidelines. Additional Duties and Responsibilities: 1) Process Independent...Veterans Evaluation Services, Inc Houston, TX Full-TimeJan 04, 2021Manufacturing Test Engineer Pittsburgh, PA FeaturedCLICK ON LINK BELOW TO BE DIRECTED TO OUR WEBSITE FOR YOUR APPLICATION PROCESS: https://carnegierobotics.applytojob.com/apply/k1YpAOQ2Ui/Manufacturing-Test-Engineer Carnegie Robotics LLC (CRL) is a leading provider of advanced robotics sensors and platforms for defense, agriculture, mining, infrastructure, energy, and other applications. CRL designs, manufactures, and supports highly reliable robotic systems and components. At CRL you will have the opportunity to use your skill set and abilities to contribute to the growth, development and ongoing success of our cutting edge robotics technology. Job summary Position is responsible for analyzing product performance and requirements and designing test processes and/or equipment as necessary to ensure the highest possible quality of product is delivered to CRL customers. Working independently and as a team with a common goal to meet customer requirements and delivery dates. In addition this position will be...Carnegie Robotics Pittsburgh, PA Full-TimeLoad moreFollow us on:FacebookTwitterRSSHomeContactAbout UsTerms & ConditionsEmployerPost a JobSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind Jobs on Hire VeteransCreate ResumeSign in© 2003-2021 Powered by VA Claims Insider, LLC"
