"mysql job openings | Built in New MexicoToggle navigationBuilt in New MexicoAbout(current)Connect with UsView our JobsList a Job! Sign Up!Jobs tagged with mysqlLinux Systems Administrator with PHP/MySQL/JavaScript developer skillsFullTime Brownrice Internet, Inc.Job PostingContact Oct 16, 201703:53 pm Brownrice Internet, Inc. is looking for a friendly, experienced, detail-oriented Linux Systems Administrator with web development experience and superior communication skills - both written and verbal - who is capable of working in a team environment and enjoys helping people solve technical problems. View full job-posting here: https://hosting.brownrice.com/jobslinux javascrpit apache networking security pci compliance lamp php mysqlSenior PHP / AWS / JS full-stack web developerFullTime SuitedConnector, LLCContact May 18, 201701:52 pm We’re a Denver-based digital marketing company currently operating over 1100 sites off of a multi-tenant PHP platform running in Amazon Web Services. We’re moving our rapidly-scaling development team into Albuquerque and are looking for local talent to start the team here. We need experienced full-stack PHP / JS developers for a fast-paced, high-stakes production environment that spans many different frameworks and code bases. We're looking for the best talent this town has to offer and are offering compensation to match. This is a local salaried position in Albuquerque, with occasional travel to Denver. We run a small, lean team, which means things move quickly and our people need to be flexible and enjoy excitement. We’re in the process of making major changes to our architecture, and need developers who can see a technical framework from a big-picture perspective, offer advice and guidance on the direction that architecture should go, and then implement large-scale foundational changes to that framework, and then could jump immediately over to an emergency fix for a front-end form validation in jQuery on a site that’s currently receiving heavy production traffic. As a team, we’ll be choosing where to establish our office, how to structure our team, etc. as we go along. We’ll have the flexibility and excitement of a startup with the funding of an established company. Required skills: * Detailed understanding of object-oriented programming concepts such as encapsulation, dependency injection, DRY code, etc. * PHP up to v7.0 * Experience in MVC frameworks, particularly Laravel (there will also be legacy work in CakePHP v2, but hopefully not for much longer) * MySQL (other DB experience, such as Redis, MongoDB, etc. is a plus) * Ubuntu server terminal * Javascript including jQuery and front-end frameworks like React and Angular * HTML5 / CSS3 * In-depth understanding of version control with git, including resolving merge conflicts, reverting bad commits / merges, branch management, pull requests, etc. * Amazon web services (EC2, Route 53, elastic beanstalk, cloudfront, S3, CloudWatch, etc.) * Atlassian software, particularly BitBucket and Jira * Focus on writing beautiful, clean, readable code * Writing clear and thorough technical documentation * Automated testing experience with PHPUnit or other PHP testing libraries * Real production experience with deployment, server provisioning, etc. * Setting up and using VMs with Vagrant Send a resume and code samples / links to projects to which you've contributed.mvc linux html5 angularjs aws css3 js jquery web development amazon web services nodejs systems administration php mysql ec2 sqs sns s3 reactjsWeb DeveloperFullTime UniracContact Mar 7, 201711:59 pm 1.) Python (3-5 Years of Professional) 2.) Django (3-5 Years of Professional) 3.) MySQL (3-5 Years of Professional) A stand alone web developer is needed to assist Unirac with the U-Builder feature on the Unirac website which was written in Python. Candidates need to be able to support the application on their own with no additional help. Candidates will need to be skilled in full software life cycle development from user story, scoping and task creation, general code generation, architecture specification, debugging and technical support, code version control, staging and production deployment and unit test development and quality control. The candidate will report to the Software Product Manager and have some responsibility to oversee the day-to-day communication and workload of an outsourced offshore development team. • Must have web development experience • Knowledge – Software development languages, technologies, and frameworks: Python, Django, JavaScript, JQuery, AJAX • Knowledge – Relational databases (MySQL, SQL Server) • Knowledge – Building and performing code unit test methods and procedures • Knowledge – Distributed version control systems (Git) • Knowledge - REST, JSON, and MVC principles • Knowledge – Setup, use and deployment of software development and testing tools (Docker, Fabric, Sentry, Webpack)python django mysqlPHP DeveloperContract BabiergeContact Aug 24, 201607:34 pm Growing Startup Based in Both Albuquerque, NM and San Francisco, CA http://www.babierge.com Location: Work-from-Home / Coworking Space in Albuquerque Hours: Contract basis for trial-period Work-for-Hire and NDA Signature Required. Babierge is a rapidly expanding platform for the baby equipment rental industry. Our goal is to ‘delight vacationing families’ by providing trusted baby products and gear while giving Independent Trusted Partners rewarding income for doing simple, wholehearted work. Our team is exceptional and very experienced in startups. We are brimming with ideas and enthusiasm, and incredibly excited about what the future will bring. We’re looking for a Full-Stack Developer to join us on this exciting journey. We need an experienced, imaginative and skillful Developer who is strong in back-end web development and who can (a) improve our existing commerce platform through innovative features to deliver a great user experience (b) help us expand through building an app and supporting the growth of the business alongside our CTO. WHAT YOU’LL BE DOING You will play a pivotal role, both technically and strategically, in shaping how we expand our product and the business. Use your technical knowledge, design sense, and creativity to improve our unique platform. Rapidly design and build enhancing features and to take advantage of new opportunities as they arise. WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR Strong and well rounded technical skill-set, awareness of current trends and innovative solutions, good programming skills including database queries, API implementation, JQuery/Javascript, and Git with basic business acumen and eagerness for new challenges, prior experience with complex, live websites using customised solutions is a plus. Our platform is an ecommerce custom website that has been built on CakePHP, Twitter Bootstrap, and JQuery and has a MySQL database back-end, We implement various popular APIs. Send Resume and Cover Letter: Founder and CTO of Babierge, Inc. Kerri Couillard kcouillard@babierge.com NO AGENCIES PLEASEmysql api cakephp twitter bootstrap stripeIT Programmer/ArchitectFullTime ECHO Institute - UNM Health Sciences CenterJob PostingContact Feb 16, 201611:03 pm Project ECHO is currently building our ECHO IT team and has an exciting new opportunity for an IT Service Specialist. This is a programming position. The successful individual will be responsible for analyzing and planning the technical direction of our software development, data models, and tools to ensure that decisions made are optimal; and that they will enable us to grow and meet the needs of all our customers. This individual must be familiar with state of the art solutions for scaling secure web applications, and must stay current with advances in the industry. Finally, the IT Services Specialist will be a champion for using the best solutions, and will teach the rest of the development team how to program optimal solutions. Preferred qualifications: Advanced experience in PHP application development and best practices Deep experience in MySQL and data design Experience with NoSQL database platforms such as MongoDB, Cassandra, CouchDB, etc. Experience deploying scalable web applications on cloud-hosted environments Excellent demonstrated communication and leadership skills Project ECHO® (Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes) at the University of New Mexico Health Sciences Center (UNMHSC) is committed to developing the capacity to safely and effectively treat chronic common and complex conditions in rural and underserved areas, and to monitor outcomes of this treatment. Project ECHO is funded in part by a grant from the GE Foundation, the Helmsley Charitable Trust and has received support from the New Mexico Legislature, the University of New Mexico, and the New Mexico Department of Health. unmjobs.unm.edu/applicants/Central?quickFind=86061cloud nosql mongodb php mysql cassandra couchdbWeb Programmer with Sysadmin skillsFullTime Brownrice InternetJob PostingContact Feb 4, 201608:17 pm We are looking for a multi-dimensional, detail oriented PHP, MySQL and JavaScript developer to help with our interesting, high-visibility web projects and hosting/datacenter business. This is an on-site position. If you are not in Northern New Mexico please do not apply for this job. Compensation: Hourly pay equal to $40k to $100k depending on skills and experience. Full-time employees receive vacation pay, retirement benefits, and health insurance benefits. Working for Brownrice you'll improve your skills while working with a team of friendly and experienced programmers and systems administrators on projects that hundreds of thousands of users will use. While you'll be expected to follow the Brownrice best-practice development guidelines and meet deadlines, we will not micromanage you. A few of our projects: www.gograntsonline.org External link www.ospreypacks.com External link www.cafoweb.com External link www.callforentry.org External link www.zapplication.org External link and many more... Our programmers are comfortable with multi-tasking, handling interruptions, and interacting with both technical and non-technical staff and clients. The ideal candidate would have: 3+ years of commercial PHP experience in a multi-programmer environment using object oriented code styles. 3+ years of commercial MySQL experience: write complex relational statements, joins, views, triggers, etc. Very strong HTML and CSS skills. Very strong debugging skills. 2+ years of Javascript (AJAX) experience in a commercial environment. JQuery and Bootstrap.js experience. Zend PHP Framework experience. Version Control (SVN, Git, etc.) experience. Things that might make you more appealing to us, but are not critical to the job: Linux Systems Administration experience. Technical Support experience. Typical responsibilities would include: Design and develop software components for online projects. Maintain and enhance existing systems. Communicate efficiently with other programmers, programming clients, testers and project managers. Solve problems, help with customer support, and end-user problems. Provide detailed and accurate estimates for projects both large and small. This is a full-time (32 to 40 hours per week), on-site employee position in our Taos offices. Apply by sending your resume with cover letter to jobs@brownrice.comjavascript linux git jquery php mysql svnHosting Tech SupportFullTime Brownrice InternetJob PostingContact Feb 4, 201608:17 pm Brownrice is looking for a Support Tech with very-strong communication skills as well as web development and Linux Systems administration experience. i.e. You must be well-spoken, well-written, a nice person, and be able to code HTML, PHP, and feel comfortable on the Linux command line. Compensation: Hourly pay equal to $30k to $60k depending on skills and experience. Full-time employees receive vacation pay, retirement benefits, and health insurance benefits. This is as on-site, full-time position. Applicants who are not able to work with us in our offices on a daily basis will not be considered for this position. The ideal candidate would have: Superior phone and written communication skills. Strong organizational skills. Some experience as a web developer in a commercial development environment. Some experience in a technical support capacity specifically related to hosting. Typical duties might include: First-line tech support for our hosting clients: Email configuration, hosting set-up, and general troubleshooting. Second-line tech support: Helping diagnose customers web site and VPS performance issues, supporting developers, and diagnosing advanced spam and domain name issues. Documenting customer support requests and adding to our wiki knowledgebase. HTML/PHP/JavaScript coding for our internal and external web sites and dashboards. Ordering server compenents, building servers, and responding to server and network outages. This is a full-time (32 to 40 hours per week), on-site employee position in our Taos offices. Apply by sending your resume with cover letter to jobs@brownrice.comhtml linux communication skills php mysql phone support hostingWeb Developer - Albuquerque, NMFullTime Summit Electric SupplyJob PostingContact Dec 22, 201512:22 am Are you looking for a place that will utilize your passion and provide cutting edge resources to fuel your innovation? Do you need a collaborative and challenging environment to thrive? Integrate yourself into a team of talented web developers that share your passion for developing custom solutions and help us build and maintain Summit's full-stack e-commerce platform and award winning mobile apps. Our rock star in-house development team needs your skill, insight and tenacity to provide innovative solutions for our customers and associates. The Essentials: The main goal of every Summit associate is taking care of our customers. That is evident throughout our company and this role is no different. You’ll serve our customers by improving and maintaining our homegrown eCommerce platform and by creating new mobile apps that will make their work easier and keep them coming back to Summit. Skills and Experience: We are looking for someone who has a high school degree or equivalent and 3+ years of coding experience. Other than that, we know your work will speak for itself. The majority of our work exists in Ruby on Rails, Node.js and Ember and expertise in those areas is highly desired. Want to know what you’ll be using? Back end Significant technology used by our team is Active Model and Active Record, backed by MySQL and MongoDB. We use Solr as our search engine, but will consider any Lucene based software. Asynchronous operations are managed by Resque and Redis. The following items play an important part in our work: - Ruby on Rails and any convention over configuration framework - Message queues, caching: Resque, Redis and Memcache - Relational database structure and development using SQL like MySQL, MariaDB and PostgreSQL - Document databases like MongoDB or CouchDB - Solr search engine Middle We adhere to a REST architecture and implement our API using JSONAPI and Ajax. The following technologies are also key: - API implementation, JSONAPI and REST. - Ajax, Web Sockets and Messaging. - NGINX reverse proxying, Thin, Puma and Tomcat. Front end Our focus is in Ruby on Rails and Ember. Our templating is in HAML and Emblem and presentation with SCSS and Bootstrap. We consider experience in the following areas a big plus: - CSS, including SCSS and frameworks like Bootstrap - Semantic templating: HAML, Emblem, Handlebars - JavaScript, Node.js, ES2015/2016: Ember, React and Angular Operating Environment We depend on open source software and have chosen Ubuntu Server as our production operating system. You’ll want to be comfortable working with a command line on a daily basis. - Linux and Mac OS X - GIT - SSH - TMUX or any terminal multiplexer - Jenkins CI Software and Server Deployment Server migrations and software deployments are scripted. The following technology drives daily work for our team: - Deployment with Capistrano and Puppet - Installation of software using Brew, Apt, NPM and Bundler - Scripting using Bash or Zsh - Configuring software like NGINX, PHP and MySQL I hope we've given you enough information to know if this is a career that you're qualified for and interested in pursuing. If you're ready for a great opportunity with a values driven company then look no further and apply today!css ruby on rails full-stack php mysql ember solr luceneDeveloperContract MyTap Inc.Contact Aug 21, 201507:53 pm MyTap, an iOS app, is Pandora for craft beer. Imagine no longer be confused in the grocery store aisle about which craft beer to buy. In order to create an amazing recommendation system, MyTap is going to do what Pandora did for music. We are looking for a talented dev to help shape the product. For this contract we are looking for a developer to build a beer data base/beer date base entry tool. Our workflow will be agile, the designer working closely with the developer(s). This very well will become an on going project. Please let me know if you have any questions. Cheers!html5 nodejs agile php mysqlWeb DeveloperFullTime OpenEye Scientific Software, IncJob PostingContact Apr 16, 201505:53 pm Requirements: •	Familiarity with HTTP web services and RESTful web APIs •	Demonstrated use of a server side web application framework •	Object-oriented programming concepts •	Familiarity with relational databases •	Experience developing software on Linux based systems The following are a plus, but not required: •	Experience with programming in Python •	Experience creating and maintaining Django powered websites •	Experience with Amazon Web Services •	Experience with Test Driven Development (TTD) •	Experience with MySQL, PostgreSQL, Redis •	Experience with OAuth 2.0 •	Linux server administration The candidate hired for this position will work as a member of a small, focused team, in building a collection of web APIs and their infrastructure using Amazon Web Services. The ideal candidate must have the ability to maintain and add new features to our existing web services and cloud infrastructure. This includes contributing to several different layers of our technology stack (Django & Python powered web services, databases, usage of third party web APIs). Effective communication skills and collaboration with other team members are a must. Should be committed to following best practices in web application development, be keenly interested in new and developing technologies, and have the ability to learn quickly and adapt to changes in requirements.python django postgresql restful web apis linux server administration relational databases object oriented programming redis http web services server side web application software development on linux based systems ttd communication skills oauth 2.0 amazon web services mysqlSoftware DeveloperFullTimeContract Still Solutions, Inc.Contact Mar 13, 201512:16 pm Still Solutions, Inc. is looking for the right person to join our development team. We do everything from mundane to complex, easy to impossible and everything in between. No two days are the same and you will be working on a variety of projects both internal and external. What we're looking for • Excellent communication skills • Strong experience with object oriented programming • Experience with at least one database technology (PostgreSQL, MySQL, MongoDB, MSSQL) • Familiar with version control systems (Git, Subversion, etc) • Demonstrated project history • Experience with Javascript • Familiar with Python or PHP Bonus Points • .Net Experience • C/C++ Experience • Java Experience • jQuery Experience • iOS Experience • HTML/CSS Experience • Linux System Administration • Windows Server System Administration • CS Degree Have other skills that you think will contribute? Surprise us! What we offer • Compensation structure that is commensurate with your skills, experience and hard work • Medical Insurance • A flexible schedule and autonomy in performing your work • A comfortable and relaxed work environment • The opportunity to work with a wide variety of clients and technologies The majority of our projects are web based but we’ll be focusing on your programming experience over your HTML experience. You don't need to be a web designer, we already have one of those, a strong understanding of object oriented concepts (objects, classes, inheritance, reflection) is required. Your particular language of choice is not important as long as it's object oriented and relevant. This is not a junior position - we are expecting you to know how to code, understand the technology and work unsupervised on moderately to very complex tasks. We will expect you to talk us through some logic and program flow during the interview. Does this sound like you? Send us a cover letter, resume and your salary requirements and we'll get back to you. Want to stand out from the crowd? Include in your cover letter links to projects you worked on and tell us how you contributed. We look forward to hearing from you!java javascript linux python c++ mssql git .net project managment postgresql object oriented programming communication skills php mysqlPHP/MySQL Backend DeveloperFullTimeContract Sabio Systems - Contract to hire for a client in Albuquerque, NMContact Feb 20, 201510:08 pm I am looking for a back-end sort of developer who can: Write PHP Scripts to import data via XML, Scraping and other \"misc\" data sources Help Maintain a current PHP application and help design and code application modifications.xml php mysql"
