"Jobs | NOVA Job BoardFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeSign inSign upFind a JobPost a JobNOVA HomeKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs9 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchBusiness Development Sales / Business Development (excluding Retail) Other Admin-Clerical Engineering Management Full timeRefine by CategoriesConstruction (1) Facilities (1) Health Care / Medical (1) Manufacturing (1) Marketing / PR / Advertising (1)Refine by CityRemote (8) Sunnyvale (1)Email me jobs like thisMechanical Design EngineerAccuray Inc. Sunnyvale, CA, USAGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world. Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems for alternative cancer treatments. Our radiation therapy for cancer makes treatment shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Job Description Summary: The Mechanical Design Engineer is responsible for researching, planning, designing and developing the mechanical and structural portions of the...Senior Software EngineerAccuray Inc. RemoteGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Jan 15, 2021Full timeGive hope. Give health. Make your mark in the fight against cancer. At Accuray, we make a direct and powerful impact on the lives of cancer patients every day — helping them live longer, better lives. But our commitment to innovation offers a truly unique opportunity: the chance to change the fight against cancer — helping to develop, introduce and support new treatment delivery systems and software that will give new hope and new health to cancer patients and cancer survivors around the world Accuray develops, manufactures and sells radiotherapy systems that make cancer treatments shorter, safer, personalized and more effective, ultimately enabling patients to live longer, better lives. Our radiation treatment delivery systems in combination with fully-integrated software solutions set the industry standard for precision and cover the full range of radiation therapy and radiosurgery procedures. Summary: As a Software Engineer, you will...Solution EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way businesses communicate, with cutting-edge AI and automation technologies. Powered by conversational AI and process automation, Ushur automates customer journeys across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and back-end systems. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! The Role: The Solution Engineering team at Ushur works as a bridge between customers, sales, product and engineering teams to ensure the successful sale, onboarding, expansion and renewal of our customers. As an Ushur Solutions Engineer, you’ll be responsible for supporting our sales team and helping our customers maximize the benefits of Ushur. This includes scoping and designing end-user and customer automation journeys using state of the art Artificial Intelligence, and...Software Sales - Property & Casualty InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Property & Casualty The Property & Casualty Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur to communicate with their customers on things from catastrophe warnings to premium...Software Sales - Life InsuranceUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Life, Accident & Health Industry The Life Insurance Market is just taking off within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur with 2 of the Top 20 Life Insurers and others in motion. Our anchor Clients are leveraging Ushur for a host of customer...Software Sales - HealthcareUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Opportunity in Healthcare The Healthcare (Payer) Market is one of the fastest growing industries within the Strategic Account Portfolio here at Ushur. 2 of the Top 5 Payers are digitizing activities in the marketing and sale of group and Medicare products, claims and...Business Development RepresentativeUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Identifying revenue opportunities within the prospect base through various inbound and outbound marketing programs such as cold calling, lead follow-up, and opportunity qualifications. Meets or exceeds activity metrics for outbound...Senior Front-End EngineerUshur RemoteDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur’s Intelligent Automation platform uniquely combines conversational AI and workflow process automation to transform digital journeys for employees, partners and customers. Ushur believes the experiences of customers, employees and partners will be transformed when we remove friction and tedium from everyday tasks. Using artificial intelligence and bots, Ushur’s visual, drag and drop tools automate front and back-office work across virtually any channel; text, web, voice, social, email and machine-to-machine. Working with existing backend systems, these enduser driven, intelligent automations augment your existing workforce, reduce process times from weeks to hours and elevate the customer experience. We focus on fast, iterative development with an emphasis on design-right philosophy. Currently, at Ushur, we are experiencing unprecedented & exciting growth with endless opportunities to innovate! Our Infrastructure team is looking for a...Business Development Representative Team Manager / LeadUshur RemoteDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Jan 08, 2021Full timeDescription Ushur is transforming the way enterprises communicate and engage with customers. Fueled by consumer’s self-service demands, enterprises are modernizing customer engagement and experience models. Ushur is fast becoming the platform of choice to leapfrog enterprises forward. With cutting-edge Conversational AI, Machine Learning and Robotic Process Automation technologies, Ushur enables Healthcare Organizations, Property & Casualty Insurers and Life Insurers to automate their customer engagement. Cloud-based, Ushur empowers business operations teams to build automated and omni-channel experiences through a familiar and intuitive drag-and-drop builder, powered by a no-code platform. The Role & Responsibilities Oversee the daily activities and quota performance management of individual BDRs to ensure key performance metrics are met Hire and quickly ramp new BDRs with training, including product knowledge, buyer personas, competition, tools training, and...Load moreJob BoardHomeTerms & ConditionsJob SeekerFind JobsEmployerSign inLog outSocial MediaTwitterLinkedInFacebookNOVA is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities.Copyright © 2017 NOVA© 2008-2021 Powered by SmartJobBoard Job Board Software"
