"Jobs in Petaluma | Careers in GovernmentCOVID-19 Government ResourcesJob Search Job Categories Job Seeker Registration Gov Talk Location Spotlight About UsLog inJob SeekerEmployerFind JobsSearch JobsJobs by CityJobs by StateJobs by CategorySearch EmployerProductsEmployer ProductsJob Seeker Productsfor Non ProfitsResourcesCOVID ResourcesGov TalkToolsCommunityLocation SpotlightAbout UsAbout UsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyModal titleCloseFind Jobs6 jobs found in petaluma	Email me jobs like this	Police Officer - LateralCITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer - Lateral In addition to a competitive salary, CalPERS Retirement and a generous benefits package this position offers opportunities for special assignments including K9, Hostage Negotiation, FTO, Traffic Motorcycle Officers, SRO, Gang Enforcement Team,Investigationsand SWAT. There are also opportunities for career advancement and department funded training opportunities. Hiring Bonus and Incentives : $10,000 signing bonus upon successful hiring process $5,000 upon completion of probationary period $10,000 upon completion of three years of service Vacation accrual rate that matches the total years of service as a Police Officer A bank of 40 hours of sick leave at the time of hire A bank of 80 hours of vacation leave upon successful completion of the Field Training Program Lateral Applicant Requirements To be considered as a lateral applicant you must: Be currently employed as a peace officer in good standing by a California-authorized jurisdiction. Have successfully completed your Field Training program in your current agency. Must possessBasic P.O.S.T. certification. Police Department Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 59,000 and encompasses nearly 13 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, forty-seven Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has three K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, FTO Program, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Special Pay The City of Petaluma provides newly hired officers a uniform and equipmentin addition to compensation at the rate of 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officers annual salary, paid per pay period. The City offers 5% of base salary for possession of a POST Intermediate certificate, 7% of base salary for a POST Advanced certificate and 7% of base salary for a POST Supervisory certificate. Sworn officers with certified Spanish bilingual skills receive an additional $100-$200 per month depending on proficiency. Field Training Officers receive an additional 5%. Detectives receive on-call pay and take home a vehicle. Summary Perform a wide variety of peace officer duties involving the protection of life and property, enforcement of laws and ordinan­ces, criminal investigation, crime prevention and suppression, case preparation and testimony, and provision of information and assistance to the public; perform special assignments in areas such as traffic patrol, K-9 program, and gang detail. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Police Sergeant; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of officers and/or support staff. This is the working level class in law enforcement, performing all duties required to effectively respond to and resolve the normal scope of peace officer situations. Incumbents may be assigned to patrol, traffic, juvenile, crime pre­vention or other police-related functions. This class is distinguished from uniformed civilian police-related classes by the responsibility and authority associated with designation as a sworn peace officer under the laws of the state. It is further distinguished from the Police Sergeant class in that the latter is a first-line supervisor responsible for assigned officers and other support staff. Duties Patrol assigned areas to ensure the security of life and property, observe situations, and deter crime by providing high visibility; respond to suspicious activities and answer emergency calls for service; enforce state, local, and federal laws and ordinances; issue verbal warnings and citations; pursue and apprehend suspects and request assistance as required. Investigate criminal activity and incidents as the responding officer; coordinate crime scene control and investigation, including interviews and interrogations and identification of witnesses; oversee collection and preservation of physical evidence; restore order, protect life and property, and maintain the peace at public gatherings and in conflict situations. Prepare and document cases, complete reports and records, and prepare and maintain other logs and records. Investigate traffic accidents and provide traffic and crowd control as necessary. Participate in special details and assignments, including K-9, traffic patrol, narcotics, investigation, and related activities; retrieve, identify, and return found property and/or evidence to owners; provide emergency aid and assistance to incapacitated persons and request additional response; provide information, directions, and other services and assistance to the public; testify in court, as subpoenaed; respond to SWAT team call-outs; may act as hostage negotiator. Direct, instruct, train, and supervise recruit officers in areas of traffic enforcement, radar operation, DUI enforcement, and basic traffic accident investigation. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Basic law enforcement terminology and concepts. Techniques for dealing with people of all socio-economic levels under hostile and emergency situations. Safety practices and precautions pertaining to the work. Learn the principles, practices, procedures, laws and ordinances, terminology, and operation of equipment used in law enforcement and crime prevention and investigation. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education : Equivalent to graduation from high school and completion of a recognized police academy. Certifications/Licenses: Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Must possess a basic P.O.S.T. certification and maintain firearms qualification. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including by not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen, and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 28, 2020Full TimeSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer - Lateral In addition to a competitive salary, CalPERS Retirement and a generous benefits package this position offers opportunities for special assignments including K9, Hostage Negotiation, FTO, Traffic Motorcycle Officers, SRO, Gang Enforcement Team,Investigationsand SWAT. There are also opportunities for career advancement and department funded training opportunities. Hiring Bonus and Incentives : $10,000 signing bonus upon successful hiring process $5,000 upon completion of probationary period $10,000 upon completion of three years of service Vacation accrual rate that matches the total years of service as a Police Officer A bank of 40 hours of sick leave at the time of hire A bank of 80 hours of vacation leave upon successful completion of the Field Training Program Lateral Applicant Requirements To be considered as a lateral applicant you must: Be currently employed as a peace officer in good standing by a California-authorized jurisdiction. Have successfully completed your Field Training program in your current agency. Must possessBasic P.O.S.T. certification. Police Department Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 59,000 and encompasses nearly 13 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, forty-seven Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has three K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, FTO Program, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Special Pay The City of Petaluma provides newly hired officers a uniform and equipmentin addition to compensation at the rate of 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officers annual salary, paid per pay period. The City offers 5% of base salary for possession of a POST Intermediate certificate, 7% of base salary for a POST Advanced certificate and 7% of base salary for a POST Supervisory certificate. Sworn officers with certified Spanish bilingual skills receive an additional $100-$200 per month depending on proficiency. Field Training Officers receive an additional 5%. Detectives receive on-call pay and take home a vehicle. Summary Perform a wide variety of peace officer duties involving the protection of life and property, enforcement of laws and ordinan­ces, criminal investigation, crime prevention and suppression, case preparation and testimony, and provision of information and assistance to the public; perform special assignments in areas such as traffic patrol, K-9 program, and gang detail. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Police Sergeant; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of officers and/or support staff. This is the working level class in law enforcement, performing all duties required to effectively respond to and resolve the normal scope of peace officer situations. Incumbents may be assigned to patrol, traffic, juvenile, crime pre­vention or other police-related functions. This class is distinguished from uniformed civilian police-related classes by the responsibility and authority associated with designation as a sworn peace officer under the laws of the state. It is further distinguished from the Police Sergeant class in that the latter is a first-line supervisor responsible for assigned officers and other support staff. Duties Patrol assigned areas to ensure the security of life and property, observe situations, and deter crime by providing high visibility; respond to suspicious activities and answer emergency calls for service; enforce state, local, and federal laws and ordinances; issue verbal warnings and citations; pursue and apprehend suspects and request assistance as required. Investigate criminal activity and incidents as the responding officer; coordinate crime scene control and investigation, including interviews and interrogations and identification of witnesses; oversee collection and preservation of physical evidence; restore order, protect life and property, and maintain the peace at public gatherings and in conflict situations. Prepare and document cases, complete reports and records, and prepare and maintain other logs and records. Investigate traffic accidents and provide traffic and crowd control as necessary. Participate in special details and assignments, including K-9, traffic patrol, narcotics, investigation, and related activities; retrieve, identify, and return found property and/or evidence to owners; provide emergency aid and assistance to incapacitated persons and request additional response; provide information, directions, and other services and assistance to the public; testify in court, as subpoenaed; respond to SWAT team call-outs; may act as hostage negotiator. Direct, instruct, train, and supervise recruit officers in areas of traffic enforcement, radar operation, DUI enforcement, and basic traffic accident investigation. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Basic law enforcement terminology and concepts. Techniques for dealing with people of all socio-economic levels under hostile and emergency situations. Safety practices and precautions pertaining to the work. Learn the principles, practices, procedures, laws and ordinances, terminology, and operation of equipment used in law enforcement and crime prevention and investigation. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education : Equivalent to graduation from high school and completion of a recognized police academy. Certifications/Licenses: Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Must possess a basic P.O.S.T. certification and maintain firearms qualification. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including by not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen, and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousPolice Officer (Current Academy Attendees and Graduates)CITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer - Current Academy Attendees and Graduates In addition to a competitive salary, CalPERS Retirement and a generous benefits package this position offers opportunities for special assignments including K9, Hostage Negotiation, FTO, Traffic Motorcycle Officers, Investigationsand SWAT. There are also opportunities for career advancement and department funded training opportunities. Special Pays as a sworn Police Officer: Uniform Pay : 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officer annual salary POST Certificate Pay : 5% for POST Intermediate Certificate, 7% for POST Advanced or Supervisory Certificates. Bilingual Pay : up to $200 per month Field Training Officer : 5% as assigned Shift Differential : 3% if assigned to swing shift, 5% if assigned to graveyard shift Longevity Pay : 5% after 15 years of service with the City Benefits as a sworn Police Officer: CalPERS Retirement: 3% at 55 for \"classic\" members, 2.7% at 57 for new members. Those hired as a Trainee, will be enrolled as a Miscellaneous member of CalPERS until graduation of the academy. CalPERS Health Program : City pays 95% of Bay Area Kaiser ratepremium for employee and eligible dependents Dental/Vision/EAP/Life/LTD Insurance: paid 100% by City Holiday Pay : 156 hours per year Sick Leave : earn96 hours per year with unlimited accrual Compensatory Time Off Bank : earn hours at 1.5 times actual hours worked up to 240 hours Vacation Time :earn 80-200 hours per year depending on years of service Cash in Lieu of Medical/Dental Benefits : receive 50% of Kaiser Bay Area premium and Dental premium as cash payment (with proof of other insurance for employee and eligible dependents) The Position If you are currently attending or have recently graduated from a California POST accredited Police Academy you are invited to apply for this position. The Department The Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 60,000 and encompasses nearly 14 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, forty-seven Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has two K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Police Sergeant; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of officers and/or support staff. This is the working level class in law enforcement, performing all duties required to effectively respond to and resolve the normalscope of peace officer situations. Incumbents may be assigned to patrol, traffic, juvenile, crime pre­vention or other police-related functions. This class is distinguished from uniformed civilian police-related classes by the responsibility and authority associated with designation as a sworn peace officer under the laws of the state. It is further distinguished from the Police Sergeant class in that the latter is a first-line supervisor responsible for assigned officers and other support staff. Duties The duties, skills, and demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with a disability to perform the essential duties, skills, and demands. Patrol assigned areas to ensure the security of life and property, observe situations, and deter crime by providing high visibility; respond to suspicious activities and answer emergency calls for service; enforce state, local, and federal laws and ordinances; issue verbal warnings and citations; pursue and apprehend suspects and request assistance as required. Investigate criminal activity and incidents as the responding officer; coordinate crime scene control and investigation, including interviews and interrogations and identification of witnesses; oversee collection and preservation of physical evidence; restore order, protect life and property, and maintain the peace at public gatherings and in conflict situations. Prepare and document cases, complete reports and records, and prepare and maintain other logs and records. Investigate traffic accidents and provide traffic and crowd control as necessary. Participate in special details and assignments, including K-9, traffic patrol, narcotics, investigation, and related activities; retrieve, identify, and return found property and/or evidence to owners; provide emergency aid and assistance to incapacitated persons and request additional response; provide information, directions, and other services and assistance to the public; testify in court, as subpoenaed; respond to SWAT team call-outs; may act as hostage negotiator. Direct, instruct, train, and supervise recruit officers in areas of traffic enforcement, radar operation, DUI enforcement, and basic traffic accident investigation. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Basic law enforcement terminology and concepts. Techniques for dealing with people of all socio-economic levels under hostile and emergency situations. Safety practices and precautions pertaining to the work. Learn the principles, practices, procedures, laws and ordinances, terminology, and operation of equipment used in law enforcement and crime prevention and investigation. Minimum Qualifications At the time of application you must : Be at least 21 years of age at the time of graduation from the Police Academy. Have education equivalent to completion of high school. Possess a valid California Driver License. Be a current POST Academy Attendee or Graduate Have achieved a PELLET B T-Score of 42 or better or have the degree equivalent. Be a U.S. citizen or currently have a citizenship application in process. Refer to California Government Code Section 1031(a) Selection Process All completed application documents will be reviewed. An application submitted without complete information will not be considered. A screening committee will evaluate the qualifications of each applicant who has met the minimum requirements for the position. The highest-ranking applicants will be invited to continue in the selection process. Meeting the minimum qualifications for a position does not assure that an applicant will continue in the process. All applicants will be notified as to the status of their application. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including by not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer - Current Academy Attendees and Graduates In addition to a competitive salary, CalPERS Retirement and a generous benefits package this position offers opportunities for special assignments including K9, Hostage Negotiation, FTO, Traffic Motorcycle Officers, Investigationsand SWAT. There are also opportunities for career advancement and department funded training opportunities. Special Pays as a sworn Police Officer: Uniform Pay : 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officer annual salary POST Certificate Pay : 5% for POST Intermediate Certificate, 7% for POST Advanced or Supervisory Certificates. Bilingual Pay : up to $200 per month Field Training Officer : 5% as assigned Shift Differential : 3% if assigned to swing shift, 5% if assigned to graveyard shift Longevity Pay : 5% after 15 years of service with the City Benefits as a sworn Police Officer: CalPERS Retirement: 3% at 55 for \"classic\" members, 2.7% at 57 for new members. Those hired as a Trainee, will be enrolled as a Miscellaneous member of CalPERS until graduation of the academy. CalPERS Health Program : City pays 95% of Bay Area Kaiser ratepremium for employee and eligible dependents Dental/Vision/EAP/Life/LTD Insurance: paid 100% by City Holiday Pay : 156 hours per year Sick Leave : earn96 hours per year with unlimited accrual Compensatory Time Off Bank : earn hours at 1.5 times actual hours worked up to 240 hours Vacation Time :earn 80-200 hours per year depending on years of service Cash in Lieu of Medical/Dental Benefits : receive 50% of Kaiser Bay Area premium and Dental premium as cash payment (with proof of other insurance for employee and eligible dependents) The Position If you are currently attending or have recently graduated from a California POST accredited Police Academy you are invited to apply for this position. The Department The Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 60,000 and encompasses nearly 14 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, forty-seven Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has two K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Police Sergeant; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of officers and/or support staff. This is the working level class in law enforcement, performing all duties required to effectively respond to and resolve the normalscope of peace officer situations. Incumbents may be assigned to patrol, traffic, juvenile, crime pre­vention or other police-related functions. This class is distinguished from uniformed civilian police-related classes by the responsibility and authority associated with designation as a sworn peace officer under the laws of the state. It is further distinguished from the Police Sergeant class in that the latter is a first-line supervisor responsible for assigned officers and other support staff. Duties The duties, skills, and demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with a disability to perform the essential duties, skills, and demands. Patrol assigned areas to ensure the security of life and property, observe situations, and deter crime by providing high visibility; respond to suspicious activities and answer emergency calls for service; enforce state, local, and federal laws and ordinances; issue verbal warnings and citations; pursue and apprehend suspects and request assistance as required. Investigate criminal activity and incidents as the responding officer; coordinate crime scene control and investigation, including interviews and interrogations and identification of witnesses; oversee collection and preservation of physical evidence; restore order, protect life and property, and maintain the peace at public gatherings and in conflict situations. Prepare and document cases, complete reports and records, and prepare and maintain other logs and records. Investigate traffic accidents and provide traffic and crowd control as necessary. Participate in special details and assignments, including K-9, traffic patrol, narcotics, investigation, and related activities; retrieve, identify, and return found property and/or evidence to owners; provide emergency aid and assistance to incapacitated persons and request additional response; provide information, directions, and other services and assistance to the public; testify in court, as subpoenaed; respond to SWAT team call-outs; may act as hostage negotiator. Direct, instruct, train, and supervise recruit officers in areas of traffic enforcement, radar operation, DUI enforcement, and basic traffic accident investigation. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Basic law enforcement terminology and concepts. Techniques for dealing with people of all socio-economic levels under hostile and emergency situations. Safety practices and precautions pertaining to the work. Learn the principles, practices, procedures, laws and ordinances, terminology, and operation of equipment used in law enforcement and crime prevention and investigation. Minimum Qualifications At the time of application you must : Be at least 21 years of age at the time of graduation from the Police Academy. Have education equivalent to completion of high school. Possess a valid California Driver License. Be a current POST Academy Attendee or Graduate Have achieved a PELLET B T-Score of 42 or better or have the degree equivalent. Be a U.S. citizen or currently have a citizenship application in process. Refer to California Government Code Section 1031(a) Selection Process All completed application documents will be reviewed. An application submitted without complete information will not be considered. A screening committee will evaluate the qualifications of each applicant who has met the minimum requirements for the position. The highest-ranking applicants will be invited to continue in the selection process. Meeting the minimum qualifications for a position does not assure that an applicant will continue in the process. All applicants will be notified as to the status of their application. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including by not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousPart Time Assistant City AttorneyCITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics The City of Petaluma is currently recruiting for one part time temporary (approximately 20 hours per week or less) Assistant City Attorney. Qualified candidates interested in pursuing this opportunity are encouraged to apply. Summary Under the general direction and supervision of the City Attorney, act as legal advisor to the City Council, City Manager, City department directors and other employees, and members of other City bodies; represents the City in litigation and other legal proceedings, including legal and regulatory matters involving other governmental and/or private parties; and assists in the performance of the duties and functions of the City Attorney in accordance with the City Charter, California State law, the City's Municipal Code, and other applicable law. Class Characteristics General direction and supervision is provided by the City Attorney. Responsibilities include the direct and indirect supervision of management, professional, technical, and support services personnel. The Assistant City Attorney is an advanced journey-level class required to perform extremely sensitive and complex legal work and to function with a high degree of independence and accountability. The incumbent is expected to be capable of performing the full range of duties common to the position of Assistant City Attorney and to have, develop and maintain subject matter expertise as needed to fulfill the City's legal requirements and perform tasks assigned to the Assistant City Attorney. The Assistant City Attorney assists in the performance of any and all of the responsibilities of the City Attorney, as assigned, including, when directed and/or authorized, acting on behalf of the City Attorney in the City Attorney's absence. Duties The duties, skills, and demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with a disability to perform the essential duties, skills, and demands. Duties: The Assistant City Attorney is responsible for performing and supervising the performance of the following types of representative duties, in addition to others that may be prescribed by the City Attorney or required from time to time: Help the City Attorney plan, organize, coordinate, and direct all City legal activities, including those of City Attorney Department employees, outside legal service providers, investigators and experts retained by the City. Act as legal advisor, and render legal opinions and recommendations to the City Council, City Manager, City department directors and other employees, and members of other City bodies, as assigned. On a relief basis as assigned represent the City Attorney on the City's executive team lead by the City Manager and consisting of the Assistant City Manager, all department directors and assigned City managers. Help the City Attorney participate in the development and implementation of City goals, objectives, policies, initiatives and other priorities, and formulate and identify innovative legal solutions and strategies to accomplish City goals objectives, policies and initiatives. Attend City Council meetings and meetings of other City bodies, and represent the City in meetings of other government and private entities, as assigned. As assigned help the City Attorney provide legal advice regarding and prepare and issue statements to members of news media and others concerning City activities, operations and issues. Prepare and/or review and make recommendations on ordinances, resolutions, rules, policies, pleadings, agreements and other legal documents, as assigned. Review and make recommendations on agendas and agenda items of the City Council and other City bodies regarding accomplishment of City objectives and compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as assigned. Prepare and/or review and make recommendations on City agreements and assist in agreement negotiations on behalf of the City and provide and maintain agreement tools as appropriate to assist the City Attorney in supervising the drawing of all City contracts, as assigned. Advise and represent the City in labor and employment related matters including labor negotiations, disciplinary proceedings, and grievances, as assigned. Represent the City in lawsuits and administrative hearings and appear before courts and administrative and other bodies to represent the City's interests, as assigned. Enforce City Charter and Municipal Code violations through prosecution of civil, criminal and administrative cases, seek abatement of public nuisances, recover the cost of City litigation and damage to City property; assist in acquiring and condemning property for public purposes, as assigned. Review and provide legal analysis and advice regarding defense and resolution of claims and lawsuits against the City, as assigned. Review and provide recommendations on bond and financing papers, insurance policies and other documents affecting the City, including recommendations upon the validity and sufficiency of such documents, as assigned. Perform legal research and preparation of analysis, opinions, pleadings, correspondence and other legal documents, as assigned. Help the City Attorney coordinate legal activities with other City departments and divisions, and with outside agencies and private parties, as assigned. In case of emergency serve as Emergency Operations Center staff on a relief basis for the City Attorney as assigned and participate in and support emergency operations planning and training activity as assigned. Provide legal training to City legislative body members and staff, as assigned. Track, analyze and make recommendations on new legislative and case law developments affecting City programs, policies, objectives and interests, as assigned. Respond to citizen complaints and requests for information, as assigned. Help the City Attorney prepare and administer the City Attorney Department budget. Represent the City at community events and at professional gatherings, as assigned. Help the City Attorney select, supervise, train and evaluate assigned staff. Serve as the City Attorney on a relief basis, as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of : Organization, duties, powers, limitations and authority of City government and a City Attorney. Legal principles and practices, including civil, criminal, constitutional and administrative law and procedure. Statutes, ordinances and regulations affecting City operations. Laws and practices related to redevelopment and community development. Court decisions relating to municipal corporations. Judicial procedure and rules of evidence. Methods of legal research. Established precedents and sources of legal reference applicable to municipal activities. Education and Experience : Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: Equivalent to a Juris Doctor degree from an accredited law school. Experience: Three years of experience performing duties comparable to those of an assistant city attorney in the office of a city attorney, county counsel, special district counsel, or private law firm providing legal services to local government clients. Certifications/Licenses : Membership in the State Bar of California and admittance to practice before all State and Northern Federal Districts Courts in California is required. Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Special Note : This classification is exempt from civil service as specified in the City Municipal Code and serves at the will of the City Manager on the recommendation and advice of the City Attorney. Physical Demands and Working Environment Employee is regularly required to sit at desk and in meetings for long periods of time; talk or hear, in person, in meetings and by telephone; use hands and fingers to handle, feel or operate standard office equipment; and reach with hands and arms. Intermittently, twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; walk to observe department activities; bend and squat to perform file searches; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; operate an automobile to attend meetings. While performing duties, the employee is regularly required to use written and oral communication skills; analyze legal principles; observe performance and evaluate staff; explain and interpret legal requirements, policies and procedures; interact with the City Council, City management and the public. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Part TimeSummary/Class Characteristics The City of Petaluma is currently recruiting for one part time temporary (approximately 20 hours per week or less) Assistant City Attorney. Qualified candidates interested in pursuing this opportunity are encouraged to apply. Summary Under the general direction and supervision of the City Attorney, act as legal advisor to the City Council, City Manager, City department directors and other employees, and members of other City bodies; represents the City in litigation and other legal proceedings, including legal and regulatory matters involving other governmental and/or private parties; and assists in the performance of the duties and functions of the City Attorney in accordance with the City Charter, California State law, the City's Municipal Code, and other applicable law. Class Characteristics General direction and supervision is provided by the City Attorney. Responsibilities include the direct and indirect supervision of management, professional, technical, and support services personnel. The Assistant City Attorney is an advanced journey-level class required to perform extremely sensitive and complex legal work and to function with a high degree of independence and accountability. The incumbent is expected to be capable of performing the full range of duties common to the position of Assistant City Attorney and to have, develop and maintain subject matter expertise as needed to fulfill the City's legal requirements and perform tasks assigned to the Assistant City Attorney. The Assistant City Attorney assists in the performance of any and all of the responsibilities of the City Attorney, as assigned, including, when directed and/or authorized, acting on behalf of the City Attorney in the City Attorney's absence. Duties The duties, skills, and demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with a disability to perform the essential duties, skills, and demands. Duties: The Assistant City Attorney is responsible for performing and supervising the performance of the following types of representative duties, in addition to others that may be prescribed by the City Attorney or required from time to time: Help the City Attorney plan, organize, coordinate, and direct all City legal activities, including those of City Attorney Department employees, outside legal service providers, investigators and experts retained by the City. Act as legal advisor, and render legal opinions and recommendations to the City Council, City Manager, City department directors and other employees, and members of other City bodies, as assigned. On a relief basis as assigned represent the City Attorney on the City's executive team lead by the City Manager and consisting of the Assistant City Manager, all department directors and assigned City managers. Help the City Attorney participate in the development and implementation of City goals, objectives, policies, initiatives and other priorities, and formulate and identify innovative legal solutions and strategies to accomplish City goals objectives, policies and initiatives. Attend City Council meetings and meetings of other City bodies, and represent the City in meetings of other government and private entities, as assigned. As assigned help the City Attorney provide legal advice regarding and prepare and issue statements to members of news media and others concerning City activities, operations and issues. Prepare and/or review and make recommendations on ordinances, resolutions, rules, policies, pleadings, agreements and other legal documents, as assigned. Review and make recommendations on agendas and agenda items of the City Council and other City bodies regarding accomplishment of City objectives and compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, as assigned. Prepare and/or review and make recommendations on City agreements and assist in agreement negotiations on behalf of the City and provide and maintain agreement tools as appropriate to assist the City Attorney in supervising the drawing of all City contracts, as assigned. Advise and represent the City in labor and employment related matters including labor negotiations, disciplinary proceedings, and grievances, as assigned. Represent the City in lawsuits and administrative hearings and appear before courts and administrative and other bodies to represent the City's interests, as assigned. Enforce City Charter and Municipal Code violations through prosecution of civil, criminal and administrative cases, seek abatement of public nuisances, recover the cost of City litigation and damage to City property; assist in acquiring and condemning property for public purposes, as assigned. Review and provide legal analysis and advice regarding defense and resolution of claims and lawsuits against the City, as assigned. Review and provide recommendations on bond and financing papers, insurance policies and other documents affecting the City, including recommendations upon the validity and sufficiency of such documents, as assigned. Perform legal research and preparation of analysis, opinions, pleadings, correspondence and other legal documents, as assigned. Help the City Attorney coordinate legal activities with other City departments and divisions, and with outside agencies and private parties, as assigned. In case of emergency serve as Emergency Operations Center staff on a relief basis for the City Attorney as assigned and participate in and support emergency operations planning and training activity as assigned. Provide legal training to City legislative body members and staff, as assigned. Track, analyze and make recommendations on new legislative and case law developments affecting City programs, policies, objectives and interests, as assigned. Respond to citizen complaints and requests for information, as assigned. Help the City Attorney prepare and administer the City Attorney Department budget. Represent the City at community events and at professional gatherings, as assigned. Help the City Attorney select, supervise, train and evaluate assigned staff. Serve as the City Attorney on a relief basis, as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of : Organization, duties, powers, limitations and authority of City government and a City Attorney. Legal principles and practices, including civil, criminal, constitutional and administrative law and procedure. Statutes, ordinances and regulations affecting City operations. Laws and practices related to redevelopment and community development. Court decisions relating to municipal corporations. Judicial procedure and rules of evidence. Methods of legal research. Established precedents and sources of legal reference applicable to municipal activities. Education and Experience : Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: Equivalent to a Juris Doctor degree from an accredited law school. Experience: Three years of experience performing duties comparable to those of an assistant city attorney in the office of a city attorney, county counsel, special district counsel, or private law firm providing legal services to local government clients. Certifications/Licenses : Membership in the State Bar of California and admittance to practice before all State and Northern Federal Districts Courts in California is required. Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Special Note : This classification is exempt from civil service as specified in the City Municipal Code and serves at the will of the City Manager on the recommendation and advice of the City Attorney. Physical Demands and Working Environment Employee is regularly required to sit at desk and in meetings for long periods of time; talk or hear, in person, in meetings and by telephone; use hands and fingers to handle, feel or operate standard office equipment; and reach with hands and arms. Intermittently, twist to reach equipment surrounding desk; walk to observe department activities; bend and squat to perform file searches; perform simple grasping and fine manipulation; use telephone and write or use a keyboard to communicate through written means; operate an automobile to attend meetings. While performing duties, the employee is regularly required to use written and oral communication skills; analyze legal principles; observe performance and evaluate staff; explain and interpret legal requirements, policies and procedures; interact with the City Council, City management and the public. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousPolice Officer TraineeCITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer Trainee Important: A minimum T-Score of 42 is required within the last 12 months. You must attach a letter verifying the T-Score to your application. If you are unable to attach the letter to your application, you must send it as an attachment to hr @ cityofpetaluma.org. New hires will attend the POST Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Public Safety Training Center from July 2021 - December 2021. If you are interested in a career in law enforcement, there is an opportunity for you to become a Police Officer Trainee in the Petaluma Police Department. If selected, you will be appointed to the position of Police Officer Trainee and attend the POST Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Public Safety Academy in Windsor, CA. A Police Officer Trainee is a non-sworn full-time employee of the City and is eligible for pay and benefits. Acceptance by the Academy, which includes successfully passing the POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery with a T-Score of 42 or better, is a condition of employment for this position. After successful completion and graduation from the Police Academy, a Police Officer Trainee who continues to meet the employment standards of the City is eligible to be sworn in as a Police Officer and begin the Petaluma Police Department's Field Training Program. A complete copy of the job description can be found at http://cityofpetaluma.org/documents/police-trainee/ . The current base salary range for Police Officer is: $38.25 - $46.52 hourly $6,630.00 - $8,063.47monthly $79,560.00 - $96,761.60 annually Special Pays as a sworn Police Officer: Uniform Pay : 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officer annual salary POST Certificate Pay : 5% for POST Intermediate Certificate, 7% for POST Advanced or Supervisory Certificates. Bilingual Pay : up to $200 per month Field Training Officer : 5% as assigned Shift Differential : 3% if assigned to swing shift, 5% if assigned to graveyard shift Longevity Pay : 5% after 15 years of service with the City Benefits as a sworn Police Officer: CalPERS Retirement: 3% at 55 for \"classic\" members, 2.7% at 57 for new members. As a Trainee, will be enrolled as a Miscellaneous member of CalPERS CalPERS Health Program : City pays 95% of Bay Area Kaiser rate premium for employee and eligible dependents Dental/Vision/Life/LTD Insurance: paid 100% by City Holiday Pay : 156 hours per year Sick Leave : earn 96 hours per year with unlimited accrual Compensatory Time Off Bank : earn hours at 1.5 times actual hours worked up to 240 hours Vacation Time : earn 80-200 hours per year depending on years of service Cash in Lieu of Medical/Dental Benefits : receive 50% of Kaiser Bay Area premium and Dental premium as cash payment (with proof of other insurance for employee and eligible dependents) The Petaluma Police Department Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 59,000 and encompasses nearly 13 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, fifty Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Application and Testing Process To be considered for this position, you are required to complete an application online and supplemental questionnaire. All required application materials must be received for your application to be valid. All completed application documents will be reviewed. An application submitted without complete information will not be considered. A screening committee will evaluate the qualifications of each applicant who has met the minimum requirements for the position. The highest-ranking applicants will be invited to continue in the selection process. Applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement in the process, and the decision of the screening committee is final. Important: A minimum T-Score of 42 is required within the last 12 months. You must attach a letter verifying the T-Score to your application. If you are unable to attach the letter to your application, you must send it as an attachment to hr @ cityofpetaluma.org. Selection Process The selection process includes three parts. You must successfully complete each part in order to be invited to the next. Part I: POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery Further information on the POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery is available on the POST website at https ://post.ca.gov/LE-Entry-Level-Test-Battery-Applicant-FAQs . The minimum passing test score is 42. To be considered for this recruitment, you must have already taken the POST Law Enforcement Test Battery (PELLETB) and received a T-score of 42 or higher within the last twelve months . If you do not already possess a valid T-score, please visit https://theacademy.ca.gov/tests to review upcoming test dates. Part II: Review of Applications All completed application documents will be reviewed. Applicants that meet the listed requirements, have provided a T-score of 42 or higher dated within the last twelve months and are among the most highly qualified will be invited to the first round of oral interviews. Part III: Oral Appraisal Interview Applicants will be invited to the interview phase based on a review of their application materials and score on the PELLETB. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including but not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen, and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications - At the time of application you must : Be at least 21 years of age at the time of graduation from the Police Academy. Have education equivalent to completion of high school. Possess a valid California Driver License. Be a U.S. citizen or be able to meet California Government Code Section 1031(a) by time of graduation from the Police Academy. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 21, 2020Full TimeSummary/Class Characteristics Working With Our Community To Provide Professional Police Services Since 1858 Police Officer Trainee Important: A minimum T-Score of 42 is required within the last 12 months. You must attach a letter verifying the T-Score to your application. If you are unable to attach the letter to your application, you must send it as an attachment to hr @ cityofpetaluma.org. New hires will attend the POST Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Public Safety Training Center from July 2021 - December 2021. If you are interested in a career in law enforcement, there is an opportunity for you to become a Police Officer Trainee in the Petaluma Police Department. If selected, you will be appointed to the position of Police Officer Trainee and attend the POST Basic Police Academy at the Santa Rosa Junior College Public Safety Academy in Windsor, CA. A Police Officer Trainee is a non-sworn full-time employee of the City and is eligible for pay and benefits. Acceptance by the Academy, which includes successfully passing the POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery with a T-Score of 42 or better, is a condition of employment for this position. After successful completion and graduation from the Police Academy, a Police Officer Trainee who continues to meet the employment standards of the City is eligible to be sworn in as a Police Officer and begin the Petaluma Police Department's Field Training Program. A complete copy of the job description can be found at http://cityofpetaluma.org/documents/police-trainee/ . The current base salary range for Police Officer is: $38.25 - $46.52 hourly $6,630.00 - $8,063.47monthly $79,560.00 - $96,761.60 annually Special Pays as a sworn Police Officer: Uniform Pay : 1.5% of Step 5 of Police Officer annual salary POST Certificate Pay : 5% for POST Intermediate Certificate, 7% for POST Advanced or Supervisory Certificates. Bilingual Pay : up to $200 per month Field Training Officer : 5% as assigned Shift Differential : 3% if assigned to swing shift, 5% if assigned to graveyard shift Longevity Pay : 5% after 15 years of service with the City Benefits as a sworn Police Officer: CalPERS Retirement: 3% at 55 for \"classic\" members, 2.7% at 57 for new members. As a Trainee, will be enrolled as a Miscellaneous member of CalPERS CalPERS Health Program : City pays 95% of Bay Area Kaiser rate premium for employee and eligible dependents Dental/Vision/Life/LTD Insurance: paid 100% by City Holiday Pay : 156 hours per year Sick Leave : earn 96 hours per year with unlimited accrual Compensatory Time Off Bank : earn hours at 1.5 times actual hours worked up to 240 hours Vacation Time : earn 80-200 hours per year depending on years of service Cash in Lieu of Medical/Dental Benefits : receive 50% of Kaiser Bay Area premium and Dental premium as cash payment (with proof of other insurance for employee and eligible dependents) The Petaluma Police Department Petaluma Police Department is dedicated to providing the best law enforcement services to the community and it prides itself on community involved programs. Petaluma has a population of approximately 59,000 and encompasses nearly 13 square miles situated 40 miles north of San Francisco Bay Area on U.S. 101, and 30 miles east of the Pacific Ocean. The Police Department staffing includes 84.5 full time employees, including one Chief, one Deputy Chief, four Lieutenants, nine Sergeants, fifty Officers, and other support staff. In addition, the department has K-9 Officers, Traffic Unit, Motorcycle Patrol, SWAT Team, Investigations Unit, and Reserve Community Service Officer Program (Volunteer). The Petaluma Police Department is proactive in Community Oriented Policing Philosophy. Application and Testing Process To be considered for this position, you are required to complete an application online and supplemental questionnaire. All required application materials must be received for your application to be valid. All completed application documents will be reviewed. An application submitted without complete information will not be considered. A screening committee will evaluate the qualifications of each applicant who has met the minimum requirements for the position. The highest-ranking applicants will be invited to continue in the selection process. Applicants meeting the minimum qualifications are not guaranteed advancement in the process, and the decision of the screening committee is final. Important: A minimum T-Score of 42 is required within the last 12 months. You must attach a letter verifying the T-Score to your application. If you are unable to attach the letter to your application, you must send it as an attachment to hr @ cityofpetaluma.org. Selection Process The selection process includes three parts. You must successfully complete each part in order to be invited to the next. Part I: POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery Further information on the POST Entry-Level Law Enforcement Test Battery is available on the POST website at https ://post.ca.gov/LE-Entry-Level-Test-Battery-Applicant-FAQs . The minimum passing test score is 42. To be considered for this recruitment, you must have already taken the POST Law Enforcement Test Battery (PELLETB) and received a T-score of 42 or higher within the last twelve months . If you do not already possess a valid T-score, please visit https://theacademy.ca.gov/tests to review upcoming test dates. Part II: Review of Applications All completed application documents will be reviewed. Applicants that meet the listed requirements, have provided a T-score of 42 or higher dated within the last twelve months and are among the most highly qualified will be invited to the first round of oral interviews. Part III: Oral Appraisal Interview Applicants will be invited to the interview phase based on a review of their application materials and score on the PELLETB. Hiring Requirements Candidates being considered for selection will undergo a thorough background investigation, including but not limited to personal history, employment, education, military, State of California Department of Justice fingerprint search of records, DMV driving record, etc. A polygraph examination will be part of the background examination. Prior to appointment, candidates must also successfully complete a Police Chief interview, pre-employment medical examination, a drug screen, and a psychological evaluation. All statements made on application materials must be correct and will be subject to investigation and verification. Qualifications Minimum Qualifications - At the time of application you must : Be at least 21 years of age at the time of graduation from the Police Academy. Have education equivalent to completion of high school. Possess a valid California Driver License. Be a U.S. citizen or be able to meet California Government Code Section 1031(a) by time of graduation from the Police Academy. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit, stand, walk, use hands to finger, handle, or feel, and talk or hear. The employee frequently is required to reach with hands and arms; climb or balance; stoop, kneel, crouch, or crawl; and taste or smell. The employee must frequently lift and/or move weight up to 100 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently exposed to outside weather conditions. The employee is occasionally exposed to fumes or airborne particles. The employee occasionally works with use of vehicle. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousSenior Transit PlannerCITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics Summary Perform professional, complex transportation activities, analyses, and planning studies, oversee contracts and providers, identify and secure transportation funds; manage finances, accounts, grants, and budgetary functions for the Transit Division. Class Characteristics General direction is provided by a higher-level manager; responsibilities may include the indirect and direct supervision of professional, technical, and administrative support personnel. This is the advanced journey level class in the Transit Planner series. This class is distinguished from lower level classes by the level of responsibility assumed, complexity of duties assigned, and independence of action taken. Incumbents perform the most difficult and responsible types of duties assigned within this series and are required to be fully trained in all procedures related to assigned areas of responsibility. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Duties Duties: Develop and manage the Transit Division grant program; oversee and coordinate the division grant funding finances, establish grant funding agreements, create and manage overall grant funding plans and manage multiple grants to ensure all expenses are allocated properly; oversee state, regional, and federal Transit grant funding audit processes. Prepare the annual budget and management and organization of day-to-day finances and accounts. Coordinate preparation of the Petaluma Transit Short-Range Transit Plan; organize and incorporate input. Review City development applications for transit related considerations, draft, and submit input for City conditions of approval. Assist with development and oversight of Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) mitigation programs and other transportation related initiatives implementing the City's Climate Action Plan. Manage planning studies including evaluating Requests for Proposals and Requests for Qualifications; conduct cost, price, and source analysis; and evaluate preliminary cost estimates. Perform analytical tasks in support of transportation planning including evaluation of various aspects of program planning, development, and implementation; conduct transportation studies which include using G.I.S. mapping. Conduct technical analysis using economic, demographic, ridership data to advise on current issues and trends that may affect ridership, service, or use of property. Monitor public transit system services and operations for compliance with federal, state, and local guidelines and regulations. Participate in multi-jurisdictional cooperative transportation planning; work with peers from federal, state, and regional agencies, and from other transit agencies, and staffs of elected local, state and federal officials. Represent the City, Transit Division, and Public Works & Utilities Department on committees, outside organizations, and at staff subcommittees as necessary; coordinate technical support activities with other departments, divisions and outside agencies. Oversee, review, and perform a variety of transportation studies, including using G.I.S. mapping; prepare maps, diagrams, graphs and other material related to transportation plans. Prepare and present staff reports. Respond to inquiries and requests for information; resolve service issues and complaints. Oversee and monitor contractors and contract compliance activities and processes. Provide technical and functional direction to assigned staff; may assist in completing employee evaluations and training employees. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Principles and practices of transit and transportation planning. Intensive practices and trends in transportation policy development, planning, and analysis. Local, state, and federal laws, regulations and guidelines relating to public transit safety, planning, operations, claims and grant allocations, and audits. Principles and practices related to procurement and lease and contract administration. Principles and practices of grant development, application, and administration. Advanced mathematical principles including statistical techniques, methods and formulas, and financial cost/benefits analysis. Principles of business letter writing and report preparation. Principles and methods of supervision and training. Current office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers and applicable software applications. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: A Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in urban & regional planning, public or business administration, transit or transportation management, accounting, finance, economics, or a closely related field is required. Experience: Four years of professional grant development and planning experience including budgetary or financial analysis experience. Prior experience working with a public transit agency is desirable. Certifications/Licenses : Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use the computer keyboard and mouse, use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear; and stand, walk, and stoop, or crouch. Occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee may occasionally be exposed to outdoor weather conditions, moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic and/or caustic chemicals, and vibrations. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, but at times may be high. Closing Date/Time: 2/14/2021 11:59 PM PacificDec 10, 2020Full TimeSummary/Class Characteristics Summary Perform professional, complex transportation activities, analyses, and planning studies, oversee contracts and providers, identify and secure transportation funds; manage finances, accounts, grants, and budgetary functions for the Transit Division. Class Characteristics General direction is provided by a higher-level manager; responsibilities may include the indirect and direct supervision of professional, technical, and administrative support personnel. This is the advanced journey level class in the Transit Planner series. This class is distinguished from lower level classes by the level of responsibility assumed, complexity of duties assigned, and independence of action taken. Incumbents perform the most difficult and responsible types of duties assigned within this series and are required to be fully trained in all procedures related to assigned areas of responsibility. Employees at this level receive only occasional instruction or assistance as new or unusual situations arise and are fully aware of the operating procedures and policies within the work unit. Duties Duties: Develop and manage the Transit Division grant program; oversee and coordinate the division grant funding finances, establish grant funding agreements, create and manage overall grant funding plans and manage multiple grants to ensure all expenses are allocated properly; oversee state, regional, and federal Transit grant funding audit processes. Prepare the annual budget and management and organization of day-to-day finances and accounts. Coordinate preparation of the Petaluma Transit Short-Range Transit Plan; organize and incorporate input. Review City development applications for transit related considerations, draft, and submit input for City conditions of approval. Assist with development and oversight of Transportation Demand Management (TDM) and Vehicle Miles Traveled (VMT) mitigation programs and other transportation related initiatives implementing the City's Climate Action Plan. Manage planning studies including evaluating Requests for Proposals and Requests for Qualifications; conduct cost, price, and source analysis; and evaluate preliminary cost estimates. Perform analytical tasks in support of transportation planning including evaluation of various aspects of program planning, development, and implementation; conduct transportation studies which include using G.I.S. mapping. Conduct technical analysis using economic, demographic, ridership data to advise on current issues and trends that may affect ridership, service, or use of property. Monitor public transit system services and operations for compliance with federal, state, and local guidelines and regulations. Participate in multi-jurisdictional cooperative transportation planning; work with peers from federal, state, and regional agencies, and from other transit agencies, and staffs of elected local, state and federal officials. Represent the City, Transit Division, and Public Works & Utilities Department on committees, outside organizations, and at staff subcommittees as necessary; coordinate technical support activities with other departments, divisions and outside agencies. Oversee, review, and perform a variety of transportation studies, including using G.I.S. mapping; prepare maps, diagrams, graphs and other material related to transportation plans. Prepare and present staff reports. Respond to inquiries and requests for information; resolve service issues and complaints. Oversee and monitor contractors and contract compliance activities and processes. Provide technical and functional direction to assigned staff; may assist in completing employee evaluations and training employees. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Principles and practices of transit and transportation planning. Intensive practices and trends in transportation policy development, planning, and analysis. Local, state, and federal laws, regulations and guidelines relating to public transit safety, planning, operations, claims and grant allocations, and audits. Principles and practices related to procurement and lease and contract administration. Principles and practices of grant development, application, and administration. Advanced mathematical principles including statistical techniques, methods and formulas, and financial cost/benefits analysis. Principles of business letter writing and report preparation. Principles and methods of supervision and training. Current office procedures, methods, and equipment including computers and applicable software applications. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: A Bachelor's degree from an accredited college or university with major course work in urban & regional planning, public or business administration, transit or transportation management, accounting, finance, economics, or a closely related field is required. Experience: Four years of professional grant development and planning experience including budgetary or financial analysis experience. Prior experience working with a public transit agency is desirable. Certifications/Licenses : Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use the computer keyboard and mouse, use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; talk or hear; and stand, walk, and stoop, or crouch. Occasionally lift and/or move up to 25 pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, peripheral vision, depth perception, and ability to adjust focus. While performing the duties of this job, the employee may occasionally be exposed to outdoor weather conditions, moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic and/or caustic chemicals, and vibrations. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate, but at times may be high. Closing Date/Time: 2/14/2021 11:59 PM PacificUtility Service Worker IICITY OF PETALUMA, CA Petaluma, CA, United StatesSummary/Class Characteristics Summary Perform duties in the installation, maintenance, and repair of water, stormwater and sewer collection systems and related facilities; clean and repair sanitary sewers and appurtenances, and utilize and operate a wide range of tools, equipment and vehicles. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Utility Supervisor; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of support staff. The journey level class of the series, incumbents at this level are expected to perform the full range of duties assigned to this classification. The majority of the work is performed as a member of a crew, although specific individual assignments of a more limited nature may be performed. This class is distinguished from Utility Service Worker III in that the latter performs a broader range of skilled work, including the regular operation of heavy equipment, and may act in the lead capacity over a small crew. Duties Perform a variety of duties in the installation, maintenance, repair, and replacement of water, sewer and stormwater systems, including mains, services, valves, meter, hydrants, pressure regulators, and related equipment and devices. Measure, cut, join, and tap steel, cast iron, asbestos, concrete, copper, and plastic water pipe. Install meter boxes, vaults and residential, industrial and commercial hydrant meters. Replace or repair meters as part of a planned maintenance program; repair large commercial meters. Locate and repair leaks and line breaks; turn water off and on as required for repair work; notify customers as necessary; disinfect and flush system after installation or repair. Assist in installing or repairing water, recycled, sewer, and stormwater collection and transmission facilities and equipment. Locate and repair leaks in the City sanitary sewer and stormwater systems; operate the camera-van to locate broken and cracked sewer lines, and make necessary repairs; operate power routing and vacuum machines to clear line blockages. Replace and repair concrete and asphalt after repairs are completed. Assist in such activities as pump repair, facility remodeling, and painting, including spray painting. Assist in installing shoring and setting up traffic control measures to maintain a safe work site; follow safety rules and regulations. Perform duties such as: install, tap, re-line, disinfect, test, and connect water mains and appurtenances; perform standby emergency response duties for after hour's emergencies. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Operations and maintenance of utility systems. Operational characteristics of tools and vehicles used in utility maintenance. Use and care of standard hand and power tools. Basic mathematics. Methods and techniques of maintaining records. Basic concepts of water distribution mathematics such as; water measurements, formulas (area and volume), units and conversion factors, and water pressure. Basic concepts for utility system maintenance such as; purpose, configuration, and operation, pipe materials, water storage facilities, meters, hydrants, leak detection and repair, corrosion, flushing and cleaning, water meter testing, maintenance and repair, and maintenance of pumps and electric motors. Basic concepts for utility system operation such as water quality, sources of supply, safety and sanitation practices including disinfectants. Operational characteristics of pumps, motors and related equipment. Equipment, tools, materials, and methods used in utility system installation and maintenance and repair. Methods and techniques of operating a variety of light and heavy equipment, including backhoes, loaders, rollers, trucks and tractors. Safe work procedures and safety practices for field and underground maintenance work. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: Equivalent to graduation from high school. Experience: One year of water and/or sewer system experience including the installation, maintenance, and repair of underground water and/or sewer systems. Licenses/Certifications: Must obtain California Department of Health Services Grade I Water Distribution Certificate prior to advancing to Step 3 of pay range. Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license with a satisfactory driving record. Possession of a valid California Class B driver's license by the end of the six-month probationary period. Desirable: Possession of a California Water Environment Association Grade I Certificate. Other Requirements: Positions in these job classifications are subject to drug and alcohol testing (DOT) pursuant to Federal Law. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, reach, twist, turn, kneel, bend, squat, and stoop in the performance of daily activities, and occasionally required to sit for extended periods of time. The employee is also frequently required to operate compressors, concrete saws and pavement breakers, and occasionally required to operate heavy equipment such as a backhoe, tractor, roller, and loader, and drive trucks of various sizes, on a project basis. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 90 pounds. The employee is frequently required to work outdoors under varied weather conditions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions, wet and/or humid conditions, moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment may be moderate to loud depending on working conditions. The employee will be required to work emergency overtime or off-shift hours as necessary. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousDec 08, 2020Full TimeSummary/Class Characteristics Summary Perform duties in the installation, maintenance, and repair of water, stormwater and sewer collection systems and related facilities; clean and repair sanitary sewers and appurtenances, and utilize and operate a wide range of tools, equipment and vehicles. Class Characteristics General supervision is provided by the Utility Supervisor; responsibilities may include the indirect supervision of support staff. The journey level class of the series, incumbents at this level are expected to perform the full range of duties assigned to this classification. The majority of the work is performed as a member of a crew, although specific individual assignments of a more limited nature may be performed. This class is distinguished from Utility Service Worker III in that the latter performs a broader range of skilled work, including the regular operation of heavy equipment, and may act in the lead capacity over a small crew. Duties Perform a variety of duties in the installation, maintenance, repair, and replacement of water, sewer and stormwater systems, including mains, services, valves, meter, hydrants, pressure regulators, and related equipment and devices. Measure, cut, join, and tap steel, cast iron, asbestos, concrete, copper, and plastic water pipe. Install meter boxes, vaults and residential, industrial and commercial hydrant meters. Replace or repair meters as part of a planned maintenance program; repair large commercial meters. Locate and repair leaks and line breaks; turn water off and on as required for repair work; notify customers as necessary; disinfect and flush system after installation or repair. Assist in installing or repairing water, recycled, sewer, and stormwater collection and transmission facilities and equipment. Locate and repair leaks in the City sanitary sewer and stormwater systems; operate the camera-van to locate broken and cracked sewer lines, and make necessary repairs; operate power routing and vacuum machines to clear line blockages. Replace and repair concrete and asphalt after repairs are completed. Assist in such activities as pump repair, facility remodeling, and painting, including spray painting. Assist in installing shoring and setting up traffic control measures to maintain a safe work site; follow safety rules and regulations. Perform duties such as: install, tap, re-line, disinfect, test, and connect water mains and appurtenances; perform standby emergency response duties for after hour's emergencies. Perform related duties as assigned. Qualifications Knowledge of: Operations and maintenance of utility systems. Operational characteristics of tools and vehicles used in utility maintenance. Use and care of standard hand and power tools. Basic mathematics. Methods and techniques of maintaining records. Basic concepts of water distribution mathematics such as; water measurements, formulas (area and volume), units and conversion factors, and water pressure. Basic concepts for utility system maintenance such as; purpose, configuration, and operation, pipe materials, water storage facilities, meters, hydrants, leak detection and repair, corrosion, flushing and cleaning, water meter testing, maintenance and repair, and maintenance of pumps and electric motors. Basic concepts for utility system operation such as water quality, sources of supply, safety and sanitation practices including disinfectants. Operational characteristics of pumps, motors and related equipment. Equipment, tools, materials, and methods used in utility system installation and maintenance and repair. Methods and techniques of operating a variety of light and heavy equipment, including backhoes, loaders, rollers, trucks and tractors. Safe work procedures and safety practices for field and underground maintenance work. Education and Experience Any combination equivalent to the education and experience likely to provide the required knowledge and abilities would be qualifying. A typical way to gain such knowledge and abilities would be: Education: Equivalent to graduation from high school. Experience: One year of water and/or sewer system experience including the installation, maintenance, and repair of underground water and/or sewer systems. Licenses/Certifications: Must obtain California Department of Health Services Grade I Water Distribution Certificate prior to advancing to Step 3 of pay range. Possession of a valid California Class C driver's license with a satisfactory driving record. Possession of a valid California Class B driver's license by the end of the six-month probationary period. Desirable: Possession of a California Water Environment Association Grade I Certificate. Other Requirements: Positions in these job classifications are subject to drug and alcohol testing (DOT) pursuant to Federal Law. Physical Demands and Working Environment While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to stand, walk, reach, twist, turn, kneel, bend, squat, and stoop in the performance of daily activities, and occasionally required to sit for extended periods of time. The employee is also frequently required to operate compressors, concrete saws and pavement breakers, and occasionally required to operate heavy equipment such as a backhoe, tractor, roller, and loader, and drive trucks of various sizes, on a project basis. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 90 pounds. The employee is frequently required to work outdoors under varied weather conditions. While performing the duties of this job the employee is occasionally exposed to outside weather conditions, wet and/or humid conditions, moving mechanical parts, fumes or airborne particles, toxic or caustic chemicals, and vibration. The noise level in the work environment may be moderate to loud depending on working conditions. The employee will be required to work emergency overtime or off-shift hours as necessary. Closing Date/Time: ContinuousHow does your Resume Score?See how your resume stacks up.Submit Now	Load more	Employer ToolsPost a JobRequest InformationEmployer RegistrationEmployer ResourcesEmployers FAQLeveraging Your Online PresenceHealth and Wellness EmpowermentCareer ToolsSearch for JobsPost a ResumeLocation SpotlightCommunity ListingsQuestions and AnswersGov TalkCOVID ResourcesEducation/TrainingEligibility/Hiring IssuesJob Descriptions/GlossaryOverviewTrendsPublic Sector NewsOur AuthorsCareer AdviceNetworking/InterviewingOn the JobPersonlity AssessmentResumes/Cover LettersInnovationsSocial MediaEN ES© 2000-2021 by Careers in Government"
