"Job opportunities in USA - Full & Part Time Hospitality Job Openings | HospitalityJobs.comJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogSign inSign upJobsWalkinsPostPost A JobPost A Walk-InCompaniesResume SearchPricingBlogFind JobsSorry, that job is no longer available. Here are some results that may be similar to the job you were looking for.10 jobs foundEmail me jobs like thisRefine SearchFind JobsCurrent SearchDenver jobsServerCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Denver, ColoradoStore Location: US-CO-Northglenn Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-CO-Northglenn Overview: As a server at Cracker Barrel, you will serve up smiles and Southern goodness in a fast-paced, family-friendly environment. Our mission of Pleasing People guides everything that we do, and there's room for everyone at our table! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: If you are friendly and guest-focused, you can thrive as a server here! Our servers work together as a team to help us achieve our mission of \"Pleasing People.\" As a Server, you will have flexible hours (full or part time), no tip sharing, and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.HostCracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. Denver, ColoradoStore Location: US-CO-Northglenn Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Jan 16, 2021Full timeStore Location: US-CO-Northglenn Overview: As a hospitality expert, you'll get to welcome our hungry guests into the store with a smile and ring the dinner bell (or, well...call their party) when it's time to eat! To ensure the safety of everyone in our stores, we adhere to CDC guidelines and federal, state, and local regulations. Enhanced safety, cleaning and disinfection protocols are in place which include all employees wearing masks, using wipeable menus, and removing high-touch table items like salt & pepper shakers, condiments, and peg games. Additionally, managers at every store have been equipped with thermometers in order to perform daily wellness screens of all employees to ensure a safe environment for our team and guests. Responsibilities: You'll be the first face our guests see, so a \"Pleasing People\" attitude is a must. As a Host, you will have flexible hours (full or part time) and the opportunity for promotion and continued development! Qualifications: You will need to be able to stand for long periods, work in a variety of environments, be expected to lift, load and carry up to 40 pounds, and work with hot and cold food items. You must be able to understand and carry out instructions while working effectively with co-workers and managers to please our guests. We'd love to get to know ya - text CBJOBS to 97211 and \"skip the line\"! NOTE: Racism, either overt or perpetuated through unconscious bias, has no place at Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, and both our Mission and People Promise are firmly rooted in the principle of valuing what everyone brings to the table. Our employees work hard to ensure that our brand, which is grounded in genuine hospitality and nostalgia, represents only what is good about those things. While our décor and food may harken back to earlier times, our inclusive culture and beliefs about equality and diversity do not.Lift Operator - Winter SeasonAlterra Winter Park, ColoradoWINTER PARK RESORT OVERVIEW:Who We Are: At just 67 miles away, Winter Park is the closest major mountain destination to Denver. Don't be fooled by our convenient location, though... you'll feel remotely tucked away in our high-country corner of the Rockies. With easy access to 765,000 acres of public land, Winter Park is home to endless adventures and an unparalleled and unfiltered Colorado experience. Whether you are fulfilling a lifelong dream to work at a ski resort or you are just wanting a change of scene, we have great jobs and an awesome experience waiting for you!Who We Are Looking For: Winter Park Resort is a place for mountain lovers, adventure seekers, and outdoor explorers. A place to chase new experiences, marvel at the unexpected, and discover the adventure that will keep you coming back for more.Whether you are looking to have your first taste of a winter season in the Rockies or to build a long-term career, we have something for everyone. We work to play... Are you in?Perks & Benefits: There's more than a free season pass waiting for you! You don't just get a job at Winter Park, you get an experience and a lifestyle. As a member of our team, you'll enjoy a variety of perks and benefits that are available to our year-round and seasonal employees. Some examples include:Free season pass to Winter Park Season and free access to all fifteen Alterra Resorts throughout North America.Discounted tickets for your friends & familyMedical, dental, vision, life, AD, short term & long-term disability insurance, EAP, HSAs, FSAs for eligible employees401(k) plan with generous company match for all employeesPaid parental leave of up to 6 weeks for eligible employeesGenerous food & beverage and retail discounts,Onsite employee childcare based on availability, discounted equipment rentals and plenty of opportunities for growth, advancement & year-round employment! Don't worry the uniforms are provided!POSITION SUMMARY:Lift Crew Member's will play a key role in safely transporting guests to experience the world class terrain of Winter Park Resort. As a member of the Lift Operations Crew, Crew Members are tasked with the safe operation of Lifts, Platter and Conveyors, all while providing every guest with excellent service. The position requires a positive attitude, a willingness to help guests and fellow crew members and a passion for the outdoors and high alpine environment. The successful Lift Operations Crew Member will learn all required knowledge, bring a positive attitude each day and help continue Winter Park Resort's reputation of industry leading friendliness and helpfulness. When done well, the position of Lift Operations Crew Member involves positive guest interaction and plenty of skiing and riding throughout the day.POSITION SUMMARY:The Lift Crew Member is responsible for the high quality and efficient operation of the aerial and surface ski lifts. This person must follow, consistently, Winter Park Resort policies and procedures.ESSENTIAL DUTIES:Operate all lifts in accordance with CPTSB, ANSI B-77 and USFS Rules and RegulationsBe alert for hazards and potential hazards involving passengers, employees and machinery.Consistently follow safety procedures and utilize appropriate safety equipment.Follow Winter Park Resort and Lift Department policies and procedures.Attend safety meetings.Create and maintain a friendly, congenial and helpful attitude while effectively providing our skiing guests and other employees with assistance, information and/or directions.Effectively handle first-line conflicts and grievances with guests.Maintain a positive working atmosphere that encourages team work, cooperation and communication.Perform opening procedures, daily operational inspection and complete Lift Log as delegated by crew leader and/or Supervisor .Follow loading and unloading procedures for passengers including those with special needs (i.e. NSCD participants, Ski & Snowboard School participants, and children).Keep lift area and lift cabins neat, paying particular attention to housekeeping, ropes, barriers, ramps, corrals, tool storage, snow removal, ski tip clearance.Keep trail maps and tissue dispensers full.Complete lift logs, lift incident forms neatly, accurately and timely.Communicate with Lift Supervisor for updates on schedule changes, memos, policy changes, and special events.Become familiar with basic day to day sounds and appearance of the lift and lift components. Immediately notify dispatch of any changes.Maintain uniform and appearance standards in accordance with Lift Department guidelines.Perform ticket validation duties when assigned.Be a Winter Park guest relations representative. Project a desirable image that reflects favorably upon incumbent, this position, and the ski resort.Keep ample supply of Lift Incident Reports, Lift Logs, etc. on hand.Perform other duties as directed.This job description is an overview of the scope of responsibilities and is not intended to be an inclusive list of job tasks and expectations. With the evolution of this resort and position, the responsibilities of this position may change.EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:Education:High School Diploma or GED requiredExperience:Guest service experience desirablePHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:This position may be required to work evenings, weekends and holidays.Mountain Environment:The primary physical environment in which this position works is out of doors with a high exposure level to cold,snow, wind, rain, bugs, sun, high altitude, extreme heights, lightning, etc...The degree of strenuous activity within the job is considered to be high. Often lifting a weight of 50 pounds throughout the day is common.Additional strenuous physical activity does include walking or hiking upon uneven, challenging terrain with heavy tools or equipment.Exposure to: Chemicals required for cleaning, de-greasing, andpainting Ultra Violet radiation from the sun enhanced through lack of atmospheric filtration at work altitude. Fumes produced in activities ranging from cleaning to painting to fabrication of metal products. Noise generated by snowmobiles, lift equipment, and tools may require hearing protection to be worn.Talking and hearing occur continuously in the process of communicating with guests, supervisors and other employees.Vision occurs continuously with the most common visual functions being those of near vision and depth perception.To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily- reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED:This position description is an overview of the scope of responsibilities for the role described above. With the evolution of Winter Park Resort, the responsibilities of this position may change as may the dates associated with many of the tasks. During these times of change, this position requires the flexibility and willingness to accept new responsibilities and potentially transfer others. It will also be the responsibility of any employee of Winter Park Resort to be a positive influence on the transformation of the resort and its associated lines of business.WAGE:The base hourly pay range below represents the low and high end of Winter Park Resorts hourly pay range for this position. Actual pay will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to experience, education, training, location, merit system, quantity or quality of production, responsibilities, and regular and/or necessary travel. The range listed is just one component of Winter Park Resorts total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include many region-specific benefits.hourly pay: $12.50 per hourAN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER:Winter Park Resort is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is dedicated to the principles of equalemployment opportunity in any term, condition, or privilege of employment.We do not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of age, race, sex, color, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other status protected by state or local law.Winter Park Resort will make reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship to Winter Park Resort. This policy governs all aspects of employment, including selection, job assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training.This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed in this position. I understand that this document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an \"at will\" relationship.Jan 16, 2021Full timeWINTER PARK RESORT OVERVIEW:Who We Are: At just 67 miles away, Winter Park is the closest major mountain destination to Denver. Don't be fooled by our convenient location, though... you'll feel remotely tucked away in our high-country corner of the Rockies. With easy access to 765,000 acres of public land, Winter Park is home to endless adventures and an unparalleled and unfiltered Colorado experience. Whether you are fulfilling a lifelong dream to work at a ski resort or you are just wanting a change of scene, we have great jobs and an awesome experience waiting for you!Who We Are Looking For: Winter Park Resort is a place for mountain lovers, adventure seekers, and outdoor explorers. A place to chase new experiences, marvel at the unexpected, and discover the adventure that will keep you coming back for more.Whether you are looking to have your first taste of a winter season in the Rockies or to build a long-term career, we have something for everyone. We work to play... Are you in?Perks & Benefits: There's more than a free season pass waiting for you! You don't just get a job at Winter Park, you get an experience and a lifestyle. As a member of our team, you'll enjoy a variety of perks and benefits that are available to our year-round and seasonal employees. Some examples include:Free season pass to Winter Park Season and free access to all fifteen Alterra Resorts throughout North America.Discounted tickets for your friends & familyMedical, dental, vision, life, AD, short term & long-term disability insurance, EAP, HSAs, FSAs for eligible employees401(k) plan with generous company match for all employeesPaid parental leave of up to 6 weeks for eligible employeesGenerous food & beverage and retail discounts,Onsite employee childcare based on availability, discounted equipment rentals and plenty of opportunities for growth, advancement & year-round employment! Don't worry the uniforms are provided!POSITION SUMMARY:Lift Crew Member's will play a key role in safely transporting guests to experience the world class terrain of Winter Park Resort. As a member of the Lift Operations Crew, Crew Members are tasked with the safe operation of Lifts, Platter and Conveyors, all while providing every guest with excellent service. The position requires a positive attitude, a willingness to help guests and fellow crew members and a passion for the outdoors and high alpine environment. The successful Lift Operations Crew Member will learn all required knowledge, bring a positive attitude each day and help continue Winter Park Resort's reputation of industry leading friendliness and helpfulness. When done well, the position of Lift Operations Crew Member involves positive guest interaction and plenty of skiing and riding throughout the day.POSITION SUMMARY:The Lift Crew Member is responsible for the high quality and efficient operation of the aerial and surface ski lifts. This person must follow, consistently, Winter Park Resort policies and procedures.ESSENTIAL DUTIES:Operate all lifts in accordance with CPTSB, ANSI B-77 and USFS Rules and RegulationsBe alert for hazards and potential hazards involving passengers, employees and machinery.Consistently follow safety procedures and utilize appropriate safety equipment.Follow Winter Park Resort and Lift Department policies and procedures.Attend safety meetings.Create and maintain a friendly, congenial and helpful attitude while effectively providing our skiing guests and other employees with assistance, information and/or directions.Effectively handle first-line conflicts and grievances with guests.Maintain a positive working atmosphere that encourages team work, cooperation and communication.Perform opening procedures, daily operational inspection and complete Lift Log as delegated by crew leader and/or Supervisor .Follow loading and unloading procedures for passengers including those with special needs (i.e. NSCD participants, Ski & Snowboard School participants, and children).Keep lift area and lift cabins neat, paying particular attention to housekeeping, ropes, barriers, ramps, corrals, tool storage, snow removal, ski tip clearance.Keep trail maps and tissue dispensers full.Complete lift logs, lift incident forms neatly, accurately and timely.Communicate with Lift Supervisor for updates on schedule changes, memos, policy changes, and special events.Become familiar with basic day to day sounds and appearance of the lift and lift components. Immediately notify dispatch of any changes.Maintain uniform and appearance standards in accordance with Lift Department guidelines.Perform ticket validation duties when assigned.Be a Winter Park guest relations representative. Project a desirable image that reflects favorably upon incumbent, this position, and the ski resort.Keep ample supply of Lift Incident Reports, Lift Logs, etc. on hand.Perform other duties as directed.This job description is an overview of the scope of responsibilities and is not intended to be an inclusive list of job tasks and expectations. With the evolution of this resort and position, the responsibilities of this position may change.EDUCATION & EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS:Education:High School Diploma or GED requiredExperience:Guest service experience desirablePHYSICAL DEMANDS AND WORKING CONDITIONS:This position may be required to work evenings, weekends and holidays.Mountain Environment:The primary physical environment in which this position works is out of doors with a high exposure level to cold,snow, wind, rain, bugs, sun, high altitude, extreme heights, lightning, etc...The degree of strenuous activity within the job is considered to be high. Often lifting a weight of 50 pounds throughout the day is common.Additional strenuous physical activity does include walking or hiking upon uneven, challenging terrain with heavy tools or equipment.Exposure to: Chemicals required for cleaning, de-greasing, andpainting Ultra Violet radiation from the sun enhanced through lack of atmospheric filtration at work altitude. Fumes produced in activities ranging from cleaning to painting to fabrication of metal products. Noise generated by snowmobiles, lift equipment, and tools may require hearing protection to be worn.Talking and hearing occur continuously in the process of communicating with guests, supervisors and other employees.Vision occurs continuously with the most common visual functions being those of near vision and depth perception.To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily- reasonable accommodations may be made to enable qualified individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.OTHER DUTIES AS ASSIGNED:This position description is an overview of the scope of responsibilities for the role described above. With the evolution of Winter Park Resort, the responsibilities of this position may change as may the dates associated with many of the tasks. During these times of change, this position requires the flexibility and willingness to accept new responsibilities and potentially transfer others. It will also be the responsibility of any employee of Winter Park Resort to be a positive influence on the transformation of the resort and its associated lines of business.WAGE:The base hourly pay range below represents the low and high end of Winter Park Resorts hourly pay range for this position. Actual pay will vary and may be above or below the range based on various factors including but not limited to experience, education, training, location, merit system, quantity or quality of production, responsibilities, and regular and/or necessary travel. The range listed is just one component of Winter Park Resorts total compensation package for employees. Other rewards may include many region-specific benefits.hourly pay: $12.50 per hourAN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER:Winter Park Resort is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is dedicated to the principles of equalemployment opportunity in any term, condition, or privilege of employment.We do not discriminate against applicants or employees on the basis of age, race, sex, color, religion, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or any other status protected by state or local law.Winter Park Resort will make reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals with known disabilities unless doing so would result in an undue hardship to Winter Park Resort. This policy governs all aspects of employment, including selection, job assignment, compensation, discipline, termination, and access to benefits and training.This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed in this position. I understand that this document does not create an employment contract, implied or otherwise, other than an \"at will\" relationship.92G Food Service SpecialistArmy National Guard Denver, ColoradoAGE REQUIREMENTS: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Jan 16, 2021AGE REQUIREMENTS: Must be between the ages of 17 and 35 It takes energy to keep the Army National Guard marching on, and that's where you take the lead. As a Food Service Specialist for the Guard, it's your duty to provide the sustenance your fellow Soldiers need to put their best foot forward and protect the nation. In this role, you will take care of all dietary and nutritional needs of fellow Soldiers, ensuring their ability to face the challenges before them. You'll learn how to plan and prep menus, how to prepare and serve food, and how to ensure food safety and facility sanitation, whether you're feeding 25 Soldiers or 2,500, in the field or in a fixed facility.Job Duties • Bake, fry, braise, boil, simmer, steam and sauté as prescribed by Army recipes • Operate, maintain and clean field kitchen equipment • Perform preventive maintenance on garrison and field kitchen equipmentSome of the Skills You'll Learn • Standard and dietetic menus and recipes • Food and supply ordering • Storage of meats, poultry and other perishable itemsHelpful Skills • Interest in cooking, home economics, health, mathematics, accounting and chemistry Through your training, you will develop the skills and experience to enjoy a civilian career in restaurants or organizations that have their own dining facilities. Depending on which specialty you pursue, you'll be able to pursue a career as a cook, chef, meat cutter, butcher, or baker.Earn While You Learn Get paid to learn! Join the Army National Guard and you will learn valuable job skills while earning a regular paycheck and qualifying for tuition assistance. Food Service Specialist job training requires 10 weeks of Basic Training, where you'll learn fundamental Soldiering skills, and nine weeks of Advanced Individual Training (AIT). Part of this time is spent in the classroom and part in the field.The National Guard is a unique element of the U.S. military that serves both community and country. The Guard responds to domestic emergencies, overseas combat missions, counterdrug efforts, reconstruction missions and more. Any state governor or the President of the United States can call on the Guard in a moment's notice. Guard Soldiers hold civilian jobs or attend college while maintaining their military training part time. Guard Soldiers' primary area of operation is their home state. The Guard dates back to 1636, when Citizen-Soldiers formed militias to defend community and country. And for 377 years, the Guard has stayed true to its roots. Enlisting in the National Guard means more time at home. Training typically requires one weekend each month, with a two-week training period once each year. Get a degree with money for school, learn job skills that translate to the civilian world, make bonds that last a lifetime and earn pride for life. When you become a Guard Soldier, your family will thank you, your country will thank you and your future will owe you. Contact a recruiter to find more specifics about your opportunities in the Army National Guard.Intermediate Equipment Operator With Cdl- Winter SeasonalVail Resorts Avon, ColoradoReach Your Peak at Vail Resorts. As a community of adventurers and discoverers, Vail Resorts delivers an experience of a lifetime to our guests and our employees. Our team is made whole by the brave, passionate individuals who ambitiously push boundaries and challenge the status quo. Whether you're looking for seasonal work or the career of a lifetime, join us today to reach your peak.Are you experienced in construction, equipment operation, plumbing, and/or general labor? Want to plow snow at night and ski all day this winter? Put your skills and experience to work in one of the world's most beautiful places! Help to deliver world-class guest service and surpass your expectations for what work can be by joining the Vail Resorts family.The Intermediate Equipment Operator (II) will operate a variety of equipment, trucks and tractors for the purpose of street and utility repair, maintenance, snow removal and construction of facilities. Provide routine maintenance to base areas. Operate all equipment used by the Base Ops team including but not limited to Skid Steers, Fork Lifts, Loaders and backhoe. Monitor all equipment and make sure that all issues are addressed promptly and communicated with Vehicle Maintenance. Physical Labor will be required due to the broad scope of the jobs that will be done for the resort. Responsible for all aspects of nightly snow removal operation. Other duties as assigned.Qualifications: At least 1 year heavy equipment experience - required High school diploma or equivalent - required Able to read, write, speak, understand and comprehend English fluently - required Valid Colorado driver's license and clean driving record - required Able to lift and carry 100lbs - required Class A or B CDL License is required for this position The budgeted range starts at 15.00-20.00. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience.The perks and benefits include Free ski passes for employees 401(k) retirement plan Accrued Sick Time Discount lift tickets for friends and family Free ski lessons Discounted lodging, food (including $5 meals), gear, and mountain shuttles Discounted bike haul & golf Excellent training & professional development Seasonal Full Time roles are eligible for the above, plus... Critical Illness and Accident plans Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (only available once eligible employees work 750 hours) Free ski passes for dependents We're looking for team members whose legendary attention to detail and commitment to phenomenal service comes naturally. Pursue a lifestyle that will elevate your expectation of what work can look like. Nothing is too big or too small for the staff to bravely pursue and elevate the expectations of the guest. Do you possess a calling for delivering world-class events and amenities? Then Beaver Creek is for you. Resorts is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law.Requisition ID 278630Nearest Major Market: DenverJan 16, 2021Full timeReach Your Peak at Vail Resorts. As a community of adventurers and discoverers, Vail Resorts delivers an experience of a lifetime to our guests and our employees. Our team is made whole by the brave, passionate individuals who ambitiously push boundaries and challenge the status quo. Whether you're looking for seasonal work or the career of a lifetime, join us today to reach your peak.Are you experienced in construction, equipment operation, plumbing, and/or general labor? Want to plow snow at night and ski all day this winter? Put your skills and experience to work in one of the world's most beautiful places! Help to deliver world-class guest service and surpass your expectations for what work can be by joining the Vail Resorts family.The Intermediate Equipment Operator (II) will operate a variety of equipment, trucks and tractors for the purpose of street and utility repair, maintenance, snow removal and construction of facilities. Provide routine maintenance to base areas. Operate all equipment used by the Base Ops team including but not limited to Skid Steers, Fork Lifts, Loaders and backhoe. Monitor all equipment and make sure that all issues are addressed promptly and communicated with Vehicle Maintenance. Physical Labor will be required due to the broad scope of the jobs that will be done for the resort. Responsible for all aspects of nightly snow removal operation. Other duties as assigned.Qualifications: At least 1 year heavy equipment experience - required High school diploma or equivalent - required Able to read, write, speak, understand and comprehend English fluently - required Valid Colorado driver's license and clean driving record - required Able to lift and carry 100lbs - required Class A or B CDL License is required for this position The budgeted range starts at 15.00-20.00. Actual pay will be adjusted based on experience.The perks and benefits include Free ski passes for employees 401(k) retirement plan Accrued Sick Time Discount lift tickets for friends and family Free ski lessons Discounted lodging, food (including $5 meals), gear, and mountain shuttles Discounted bike haul & golf Excellent training & professional development Seasonal Full Time roles are eligible for the above, plus... Critical Illness and Accident plans Medical, Dental, and Vision insurance (only available once eligible employees work 750 hours) Free ski passes for dependents We're looking for team members whose legendary attention to detail and commitment to phenomenal service comes naturally. Pursue a lifestyle that will elevate your expectation of what work can look like. Nothing is too big or too small for the staff to bravely pursue and elevate the expectations of the guest. Do you possess a calling for delivering world-class events and amenities? Then Beaver Creek is for you. Resorts is an equal opportunity employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, protected veteran status or any other status protected by applicable law.Requisition ID 278630Nearest Major Market: DenverPizzeria Locale Crew MemberChipotle Mexican Grill Denver, ColoradoPizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211 Associated topics: appetizer, breakfast, cocinera de la preparacion, cocinero de la parrilla, commercial kitchen, fryer, lunch, persona de parilla, restaurant assistant cook, sandwichJan 15, 2021Full timePizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211 Associated topics: appetizer, breakfast, cocinera de la preparacion, cocinero de la parrilla, commercial kitchen, fryer, lunch, persona de parilla, restaurant assistant cook, sandwichPizzeria Locale Crew MemberChipotle Denver, ColoradoPizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211Jan 14, 2021Full timePizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211Pizzeria Locale Crew MemberChipotle Denver, ColoradoPizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211Jan 14, 2021Full timePizzeria Locale Crew Member () Description Building the perfect pizza - and having fun doing it - is the first step to building your career at Pizzeria Locale. Sharpen your hospitality and teamwork skills, learn to make great food and get ready to grow. Whether you have experience as a cashier, server, cook, prep cook, dishwasher, housekeeper, bartender or no experience at all, this could be the opportunity to develop into a restaurant manager position. We can offer part time or full time schedules depending on what you are looking for and the needs of the restaurant. We promote most of our managers from within and are looking for that next generation of leaders to apply now. Our Crew members take pride in preparing and serving Pizzeria Locale's delicious food. They know that in order to do this right, they need a clean and organized work area. By consistently following the proper recipes and procedures, and adhering to Pizzeria Locale's high standards regarding food preparation, cleaning and sanitation, teamwork and hospitality, they help to ensure that the Pizzeria Locale guest experience is always the best it can be. Crew members get to learn about and work at a variety of stations: dough making, pizza topping, Prep, baking pizzas, Expo, and making salads. In each area they're greeting and interacting with Pizzeria Locale guests directly, making their meals, while portioning out the ingredients to our standards. Crew members' responsibilities require them to be on their feet working while clocked in, unless on break. If they are not busy, they are expected to take on tasks they see that need to get done, and pitch in to help their teammates. In addition to following Pizzeria Locale's policies and procedures, principal responsibilities include, but are not limited to: Food Prep Following recipes accurately and maintaining food preparation processes such as chopping herbs; dicing, cutting, and slicing vegetables Completing hot and cold food preparation assignment accurately, neatly, and in a timely fashion Preparing food throughout the day as needed, anticipating and reacting to guest volume Maintaining appropriate portion control and consistently monitoring food levels on the line Maintaining proper food handling, safety, and sanitation standards while preparing and cooking food Customer Experience Providing friendly, quality hospitality to each Pizzeria Locale guest Working toward understanding and articulating Food With IntegrityMiscellaneous Consistently and accurately using prep sheets, Road Maps, cleanliness list, and station checklists Following Pizzeria Locale sanitation standards including washing cookware and utensils throughout the day Cleaning equipment, as assigned, thoroughly and in a timely fashion according to Pizzeria Locale sanitation guideline The ideal candidate will: Have the ability to develop positive working relationships with all restaurant employees and work as part of a team by helping others as needed or requested Have the ability to speak clearly and listen attentively to guests and other employees Have the ability to maintain a professional appearance at all times and display a positive and enthusiastic approach to all assignments Be able to exhibit a cheerful and helpful attitude, and provide exceptional customer service Be able to adapt to changing customer volume levels with a sense of urgency Have the ability to demonstrate a complete understanding of the menu Be able to follow instructions for recipes and sanitation guidelines Have the ability to be cross-trained in all areas of the kitchen and line Have the ability to communicate in the primary language(s) of the work location Have a high school diploma All of our crew will play the role of dishwasher, cashier, server, host, bartender, cook, prep cook, etc. so be prepared to learn a lot and work hard if you join the team. Most of the jobs that we are hiring for are entry level positions. If you are interested in interviewing for a restaurant general manager or assistant restaurant manager position and have previous restaurant management experience you can search our careers page for more opportunities as we may have some of those positions available. Most of these management positions are filled internally but there are some exceptions. Primary Location: Colorado - Denver - 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) Work Location: 2403 - Highlands - PL-(02403) nd Ave. Denver 80211Delivery Truck Driver / Stocker (7384)L&W Supply Denver, ColoradoBranch Address: 2115 S Valentia St Denver, CO 80231 L&W Supply is a leading specialty distributor of drywall, ceiling tiles, steel framing and other building materials used by commercial and residential contractors. L&W Supply delivers the products and capabilities offered by a national distributor paired with the service and personal touch usually found only in a locally owned business. If you have a valid Driver's License and are looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each delivery. Specific duties may include: Operating a delivery vehicle to/from the delivery site Unloading and stocking building materials on jobsites as directed Physically handling material with a co-worker Overseeing the safe loading of the delivery vehicle to ensure the order is accurate and that the products are of the highest quality possible Obeying all regulatory agency and company safety directives Obeying all traffic laws and weight limits Supervising and expediting the unloading operation at delivery sites to ensure the safe and accurate delivery of all building materials Responsible for site safety as it pertains to the delivery Accurately distribute and place all specified building materials as indicated on the order ticket Safely and effectively operate a boom, crane or Gradall as needed, based on the specific requirements of the customer Responsible for having the delivered product neatly placed and appearing as orderly and presentable as possible. This position does not require over the road travel This position does not require a CDL Specific qualifications include: Valid Driver's License Ability to unload, transport, and position all building materials as required Ability to stand, climb, reach, bend, and twist throughout complete shifts Ability to consistently lift and carry 115 lbs with assistance Positive attitude and team oriented Flatbed truck experience is preferred Manual transmission experience is a plus Benefits may include: Health, dental, and vision coverage Life insurance Flex spending 401(k) with company match Paid time off Paid holidays Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free WorkplaceJan 13, 2021Branch Address: 2115 S Valentia St Denver, CO 80231 L&W Supply is a leading specialty distributor of drywall, ceiling tiles, steel framing and other building materials used by commercial and residential contractors. L&W Supply delivers the products and capabilities offered by a national distributor paired with the service and personal touch usually found only in a locally owned business. If you have a valid Driver's License and are looking for a rewarding, local opportunity with an established company, we want to hear from you! In this role, you will ensure the safety of each delivery from the moment you leave the facility until you have completed each delivery. Specific duties may include: Operating a delivery vehicle to/from the delivery site Unloading and stocking building materials on jobsites as directed Physically handling material with a co-worker Overseeing the safe loading of the delivery vehicle to ensure the order is accurate and that the products are of the highest quality possible Obeying all regulatory agency and company safety directives Obeying all traffic laws and weight limits Supervising and expediting the unloading operation at delivery sites to ensure the safe and accurate delivery of all building materials Responsible for site safety as it pertains to the delivery Accurately distribute and place all specified building materials as indicated on the order ticket Safely and effectively operate a boom, crane or Gradall as needed, based on the specific requirements of the customer Responsible for having the delivered product neatly placed and appearing as orderly and presentable as possible. This position does not require over the road travel This position does not require a CDL Specific qualifications include: Valid Driver's License Ability to unload, transport, and position all building materials as required Ability to stand, climb, reach, bend, and twist throughout complete shifts Ability to consistently lift and carry 115 lbs with assistance Positive attitude and team oriented Flatbed truck experience is preferred Manual transmission experience is a plus Benefits may include: Health, dental, and vision coverage Life insurance Flex spending 401(k) with company match Paid time off Paid holidays Equal Opportunity Employer / Drug Free WorkplaceSecurity Guard HotelAllied Universal Denver, ColoradoAt Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAREER ADVANCEMENT WITH AN ESSENTIAL EMPLOYER! NOW HIRING SECURITY GUARD STARTING PAY IS: $15.50/HR WEEKLY PAYCHECKS AND FREE UNIFORMS, APPLY NOW! Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Guard . As a Professional Security Guard for Allied Universal you will be responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Guard, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-SW Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-SWJan 13, 2021Full timeAt Allied Universal ® our Security Professionals assist clients, and the public at large, by providing essential jobs that keep our communities safe and secure. During this time, we need your help more than ever. We have immediate employment opportunities. Allied Universal also employs an interview process you can complete from the comfort of your home through our online application and video interviewing technology. We are North America's leading security services provider with over 250,000 phenomenal employees and invite you to apply to join the team. GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR CAREER ADVANCEMENT WITH AN ESSENTIAL EMPLOYER! NOW HIRING SECURITY GUARD STARTING PAY IS: $15.50/HR WEEKLY PAYCHECKS AND FREE UNIFORMS, APPLY NOW! Allied Universal has security jobs and are seeking to fill the position of Professional Security Guard . As a Professional Security Guard for Allied Universal you will be responsible for the Security and Safety of our client's property and personnel. As the Allied Universal Security Guard, you will know all site-specific policies and procedures, and implement emergency response activities as appropriate, while providing superior customer service. QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: Be at least 18 years of age with high school diploma or equivalent for non-driving and 21 years of age for driving positions Possess effective written and oral communication and interpersonal skills with ability to deal with all levels of personnel and the general public in a professional and effective manner Valid guard card/license, as required in the state for which you are applying. As a condition of employment, employee must successfully complete a background investigation and a drug screen in accordance with all federal, state, and local laws For Driving Positions must be 21 years of age, Current state driver's license, clean driving record (no points in prior 3 years), minimum level of insurance as required by Company policy, and ability to safely operate a vehicle required. Display exceptional customer service and communication skills Have intermediate computer skills to operate innovative, wireless technology at client specific sites Ability to handle crisis situations at the client site, calmly and efficiently Able to: Work in various environments such as cold weather, rain/snow or heat Occasionally lift or carry up to 40 pounds Climb stairs, ramps, or ladders occasionally during shift Stand or walk on various surfaces for long periods of time Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-SW Allied Universal provides unparalleled service, systems and solutions to the people and business of our communities, and is North America's leading security services provider. With over 250,000 employees, Allied Universal delivers high-quality, tailored solutions, which allows clients to focus on their core business. For more information: . We proudly support the Veteran Jobs Mission, a group of over 200 companies that have committed to collectively hiring a total of one million military veterans. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability Allied Universal Services is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to hiring a diverse workforce. *CB-SWLoad moreModal WindowHomeContactAbout UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicyFAQEmployerPost a JobPost a Walk-InSearch ResumesSign inJob SeekerFind JobsFind Walk-InsCreate ResumeSign inFollow UsFacebookTwitterLinkedinInstagramYoutubeDownload Mobile App© 2021 Maintained and updated by www.Hospitalityjobs.com"
