"Breakfast Cook/Short-Order Cook - Elmwood Location - Columbia, SC - Lizard's Thicket JobsHomeJobsBreakfast Cook/Short-Order Cook - Elmwood Location - Columbia, SCToggle navigationBreakfast Cook/Short-Order Cook - Elmwood LocationJobsLogin30-Nov-2020 to 01-Mar-2021 (EST)Columbia, SC, USA$9.00 - $13.00HourlyFull Time & Part Time - AM ShiftEmail Me Similar Jobs	Email Me This JobLizard's Thicket is looking to hire a full or part-time Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook to help our kitchen staff prepare delicious food for our loyal customers at our Elmwood location. Are you a customer service rock star who loves country cooking and can contribute to our kitchen team? Are you interested in getting started with a family-friendly restaurant that cares about its employees and values your time and hard work? If so, please read on!This Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook position pays a competitive wage depending on skills and experience. We are pleased to offer a variety of excellent benefits to all of our eligible full-time employees including medical, dental, vision, a FREE $15,000 life insurance policy after a 60-90 day period, and paid vacation/PTO annually. We also offer supplemental insurance benefits, an 8% discount on all Verizon Wireless plans, an employee referral bonus, discounted meals, annual performance reviews, and the ability to be paid on a daily basis for all employees, full or part-time!ABOUT LIZARD'S THICKETIn 1977, in a home on Broad River Road in Columbia, S.C, Bob and Anna Williams opened the very first Lizard's Thicket. The phrase \"home cooking\" is exacting! All of our Lizard's Thicket meals were based on Anna's own recipes. In the past forty years, we have grown to 15 locations with over 700 employees! We still pride ourselves on being a place where families and groups of friends can gather for a hearty, southern cooked meal and catch up on their days. To this day, we are still owned and operated by Bob and Anna's children and grandchildren.At Lizard's Thicket, we value our staff members and consider them to be one of the most important assets of our business. We offer competitive pay and robust benefits and consider the health and well-being of our staff members to be one of our highest priorities.A DAY IN THE LIFE AS A BREAKFAST COOK / SHORT-ORDER COOKAs a Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook in Lizard's Thicket's kitchen, you are passionate about good food and exceeding our customer's expectations. You will generally report to work at 5 am and work an 8-10 hour shift. You will work fast and under pressure to ensure the quality and consistency of the food and that it is ready in an efficient and timely manner. Proper storage, handling, and inspecting serving areas regularly to ensure safe, sanitary food-handling practices are a part of your everyday routine. You will be preparing traditional style breakfast foods by following our recipe manual on the grill/oven/waffle iron/toaster/fryers or any other kitchen equipment. You may be preparing hundreds of cooked to order meals on a busy morning. Your attention to detail and commitment to customer service ensures that our customers enjoy a quality experience that keeps them coming back for more. You enjoy working in a fast-paced environment where you are never bored and time goes by quickly.QUALIFICATIONSHigh school diploma or equivalent is preferredExperience as a cook or in a relevant role is preferredDo you like to cook? Are you comfortable in the kitchen? Do you work well as part of a team? Do you have excellent customer service skills? Do you have good communication skills and the ability to memorize information easily? Can you read and follow directions well? Are you able to work independently and make sound judgment calls when appropriate? Are you flexible? Are you dependable? Are you quick on your feet and able to work in a fast-paced environment? Can you present a professional and well-kept appearance? If so, then you might just be perfect for this Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook position!WORK SCHEDULEThis Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook position is full or part-time and has AM shifts available. The nature of our industry requires working some holidays and all weekends.ARE YOU READY TO JOIN OUR TEAM?We understand your time is valuable and that is why we have a very quick and easy application process. If you feel that you would be right for the Breakfast Cook / Short-Order Cook position, please fill out our initial 3-minute, mobile-friendly application so that we can review your information. We look forward to meeting you!Lizard's Thicket https://lizardsthicket.applicantpro.com. Yes, I agree to be contacted by text messages No, I do not agree to receive text messagesI agree to ApplicantPro's Applicant Information Use Policy.*Apply for this PositionApply for this PositionSign Up For Job Alerts!Follow Jobs:Share This PageHiring Software Maintained by ApplicantPro - © 2021RefreshSearch the FAQ hereGoCommon Questions"
