"Infection Prevention Program Director | Payson, AZ | Banner HealthYou are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience.Banner HealthInfection Prevention Program DirectorPayson, AZBanner HealthInfection Prevention Program DirectorPayson, AZDate posted:Nov 14, 2020Primary City/State:Mesa, ArizonaDepartment Name:Infection Control-HospWork Shift:DayJob Category:Risk, Quality and SafetyBanner Health believes leadership matters, and we look for people who share our vision making health care easier, so life can be better. Our leaders are at the front of the health care transformation, planning the future of Banner Health.Banner Desert Medical Center/Cardon Children's Medical Center has 24 Operating Rooms, which includes 3 trauma rooms, 6 pediatric rooms, 1 cysto suite, 4 minimally invasive and 3 robotic rooms. BDMC/CCMC offers a full range of surgical specialties, including Peds Cardiovascular and Adult and Peds Trauma, Urology, Orthopedics, General, Gynecology, Neurology, EENT, Plastics and Robotics. We are the busiest OR in the valley, fast paced, and performing high acuity cases. In 2017, BDMC/CCMC performed over 21,000 surgeries. Our technologies includes da Vinci Xi robot, NICO, Stealth guided brain surgery. Banner Desert Medical Center is recognized by US News as High Performing Hospital in Procedure/Condition Category. With the variety of specialties and surgical procedures, high patient safety score, available work shifts, level 1 trauma designation for adult and pediatric patients, stroke center, and CORE orthopedics this is an ideal facility for those interested in a fast paced environment and room for growth.As the Infection Prevention Program Director, you will be responsible for managing and supervising all activities related to the prevention, control, documentation and reporting of nosocomial acquired infections and communicable diseases at Banner Desert Medical Center and Cardon Children's Medical Center. These responsibilities include setting standards and evaluating compliance for practices that are associated with the prevention and control of healthcare-associated infections. This will include (but are not limited to) surveillance, analysis, and reporting. A crucial aspect will be designing, leading and maintaining a hospital -based infection prevention and control program. Banner Healthcare's goal is to provide a safe environment through the prevention of infection in patients, families, employees, and visitors.This is a full time position with hours to be discussed during the interview.Your pay and benefits (Total Rewards) are important components of your Journey at Banner Health. Banner Health offers a variety of benefit plans to help you and your family. We provide health and financial security options so you can focus on being the best at what you do and enjoying your life.Located on an 80-acre campus in Mesa, Arizona, Banner Desert Medical Center is one of Arizona's largest and most comprehensive hospitals and is recognized by U.S. News and World Report as one of Phoenix's Best Hospitals. We provide an abundance of exceptional opportunities with more than 600 licensed beds, including over 100 dedicated to children. Areas of excellence include high-risk pregnancy and neonatal care, obstetrics and gynecology, pediatrics, cardiology, oncology and emergency medicine. With 21 operating rooms, we offer a full range of surgical specialties and advanced technology that includes the daVincir Surgical System. About Banner Cardon Children's Medical Center If you desire to provide the best care possible to the most vulnerable patients, come to Cardon Children's Medical Center in Mesa, Ariz. Within our 248-bed, state-of-the-art facility, specially trained nurses, physicians and other clinical professionals utilize the most advanced technology - including iCare ICU monitoring and robotic surgery - to provide high quality, child-friendly, family-centered care. Our facilities feature a recently expanded 104-bed NICU, a 24-bed PICU, six pediatric ORs and a 26-bed ED. We also offer dedicated pediatric rehab, radiology, oncology and hematology capabilities. With clinical diversity, exceptional training programs and a supportive culture, this is a place where you can grow in your career as you help our very special patients.POSITION SUMMARYThis position, under the direction of the infection prevention committee, is responsible for the effective direction, management and operation of the infection prevention and control/epidemiology department, including education of hospital personnel and consultation with the organization, CDC, and the county and state health departments. The responsibilities encompass compliance with Joint Commission (JC) standards, CMS, OSHA, and state regulations, outbreak investigation, and overall direction of the infection prevention and control program. The position works closely with both system and operating entities leaders and medical staff to improve quality and outcomes of clinical care related to infection prevention. All work processed by the incumbent is considered confidential and protected from discovery, pursuant to state statutes.CORE FUNCTIONS1. Ensures that all services provided meet with the facility's needs and expectations. Manages the department in a cost-effect manner by accurately forecasting budgetary and staffing needs, and manages expenses within budgetary constraints. Devises action plans to correct negative variances. May maintain a competent and motivated staff through proper selection, training, evaluating and termination, as necessary.2. Establishes, implements and administers departmental goals, objectives, policies and procedures; conducts ongoing review of hospital policies, procedures and guidelines to identify infection prevention and control discrepancies and implements revisions as necessary. Provides ongoing assessment of performance, analyzes infection outcome data, and identifies performance improvement opportunities or trends. Conducts high level assessments, gathers information and collaborates with the appropriate process owner(s) to identify opportunities for improvement. Analyzes data for administrative and clinical decision making.3. Develops and coordinates the infection prevention and control program throughout the facility. Implements the program by formulating, establishing and evaluating policies and procedures relating to patient care infection prevention and control measures throughout the facility that ensure compliance with JC, OSHA, CDC, CMS and other county, state, and federal regulatory agencies.4. Serves as a resource and subject matter expert to staff, leaders, medical staff, patients and the community for infection prevention and control. Initiates epidemiological investigations of significant clusters of infections and single cases of unusual infection. Serves as a subject matter expert for the facility and system related to emerging infections, public health crisis and emergency management.5. Directs and assists in preparing reports and statistical data for the infection prevention committee, medical staff committees, medical executive committee and the facility's administration and other committees as needed.6. Responsibility for infection prevention at large healthcare entities (>100 beds) and contribution to system-level infection prevention activities. Internal customers include all assigned entity administrators, physicians, staff and corporate administrators, leadership team and staff. External customers include accreditation and regulatory organizations, payers, patients and physicians.MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONSRequires Masters in Public Health (MPH), Master's in Business Administration (MBA) or master's degree in other healthcare related field or Bachelors degree in healthcare related field and experience equivalent to masters degree.Requires certification in Infection Control (CIC).Must have a proficiency level typically attained with 5 years experience in infection prevention or diseases surveillance experience in a public health setting.Must possess demonstrated flexibility in responding to the needs of multiple constituencies with a service-oriented philosophy.Demonstrated ability to lead and facilitate multi- disciplinary teams.Must possess demonstrated skill in problem analysis, project management, conflict resolution and oral and written presentations.Requires ability to balance and manage multiple projects.PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONSComputer skills, research and basic statistical knowledge is preferred.Additional related education and/or experience preferred.Send To A FriendFlag this job as downBack to top"
