"Jobs | icrunchdataFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactSign InSign UpFind JobsAdd ResumeRead InsightsFor EmployersCreate AccountHow It WorksTalent SolutionsPricing & FeaturesPost JobsMoreAboutFAQReviewsAdvertiseContactKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind Jobs11 jobs foundRefine SearchKeywordsLocationFind JobsFind JobsCurrent SearchMarket Research Tableau Marketing Cybersecurity AWS Business Intelligence (BI) Data ManagementRefine by SkillsInformation Technology (IT) (9025) Data Science (9) Data Visualization (8) SQL (8) Computer Science (7) Python (7)Analytics (6) Data Analysis (6) Software Engineering (6) Excel (5) ETL (4) Data Engineering (4) Big Data (3) Cloud Computing (3) Data Testing (3) Java (3) Machine Learning (3)MoreEmail me jobs like thisAssistant Director of Business IntelligenceThe University of Texas System Austin, TX, USAFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Jan 15, 2021Full-timeFLSA Status: Exempt Earliest Start Date: 02/01/2021 Salary: Salary commensurate with experience Hours per Week: 40.00 Standard from 8:00 AM to 5:00 PM Hiring Department: Office of Institutional Research and Analysis Required Application Materials: A resume and letter of interest is required in order to apply. Purpose of Position Manage business intelligence, data warehousing, and contractor staff responsible for providing management information and analysis to support strategic initiatives and institutional efforts of the University of Texas System. Work closely with institutional researchers to turn raw data into useful information via dashboards, web reporting, and other information delivery methods for the Office of Institutional Research (OIRA). Essential Functions Manage/supervise business intelligence, data warehousing and contractor staff; develop and make project plans for new technical projects, coordinate projects and...Clinical Data ScientistPfizer Peapack, NJ, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Product Development (GPD) organization, the Clinical Data Scientist is responsible for timely and high quality data management deliverables supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Clinical Data Scientist designs, develops, and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data, oversees application of standards, data review and query management, and is accountable for quality study data set release and consistency in asset/submission data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Clinical Data Scientist for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for all DM&M activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, Data Management Plan, selection of quality risk indicators, third party study data due diligence Participates and ensures quality database design including documentation,...Sr. Data ManagerPfizer Groton, CT, USAAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeAs part of the Data Monitoring and Management group, an integral delivery unit within the Global Biometrics and Data Management (GBDM) organization, the Data Manager is responsible for timely and high quality data review and query management of clinical data supporting the Pfizer portfolio. The Data Manager develops and maintains key data management deliverables used to collect, review, monitor, and ensure the integrity of clinical data. ROLE RESPONSIBILITIES Serve as Data Manager for one or more clinical trials assuming responsibility for DMM activities including selection and application of data acquisition standards, database design (including specification documentation and testing of clinical data collection tools, both CRF and non-CRF, using an EDC system and/or other data collection systems), development and maintenance of the Data Management Plan, data review and query management, data access and visualization, Data Management metrics reporting, database release, and...Principal Data Platform ArchitectSnowflake Remote (Washington, D.C., USA)Snowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Our Sales Engineering organization is seeking a Principal Data Platform Architect to join our Field CTO Office who can provide leadership in working with both technical and business executives in the design and architecture of the Snowflake Cloud Data Platform as a critical component of their enterprise data architecture and overall ecosystem. In this role you will work with sales teams, product management, and technology partners to leverage best practices and reference architectures...Website Optimization ManagerSnowflake Chicago, IL, USASnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Dec 28, 2020Full-timeSnowflake started with a clear vision: develop a cloud data platform that is effective, affordable, and accessible to all data users. Snowflake developed an innovative new product with a built-for-the-cloud architecture that combines the power of data warehousing, the flexibility of big data platforms, and the elasticity of the cloud at a fraction of the cost of traditional solutions. We are now a global, world-class organization with offices in more than a dozen countries and serving many more. Snowflake is looking for an experienced Website Optimization Manager to drive performance optimization of snowflake.com and related subdomains plus various online-focused marketing campaigns. RESPONSIBILITIES: Leverage web analytics tools (GA, Bizible, Snowplow, etc.) to provide data-driven suggestions to demand generation functional areas (inbound, outbound, product marketing, content, field) to improve website performance. Monitor key site performance metrics and manage...Junior Data AnalystMultiverse New Jersey, USAChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Dec 18, 2020ApprenticeshipChubb , the world’s largest publicly traded property and casualty insurer, is seeking a creative, innovative, and collaborative Data Apprentice who is ambitious and hungry to learn. You will join an Analytics, Enterprise Risk Unit, Internet of Things or eConsumer team and digital professionals who are charged with ensuring Chubb thrives in the Digital Age. A typical day Communicating with both technical and non-technical groups on a regular basis to pass along important information. Identifying business-specific rules related to datasets and data characteristics that will influence project design and analysis. Describe the data analytics lifecycle and set out details, activities and roles at each stage in a real-world example. Understand Data Science including programming basics, foundations of data modelling, research design and exploratory analysis, machine learning, and Big Data fundamentals. Develop a solid working knowledge of how current systems and data...Senior Cyber Threat HunterPfizer Collegeville, PA, USAThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeThe Global Information Security (GIS) team secures Pfizer’s most important information assets through world class talent, top security controls and an empowered culture that serves to enable Pfizer’s mission of delivering breakthroughs that change patients’ lives. The Cyber Threat Hunting team is responsible for finding unknown or unidentified threats to the organization that may have evaded existing security defenses and can impact Pfizer assets. With the assumption of system compromise, threat hunters will use various data sources, tools, and investigative methods to identify adversaries, along with the tactics, techniques, and procedures (\"TTP's\") they use to perform unauthorized and malicious activity. The team is responsible for mitigating risk through threat identification and works to implement stronger security controls and improved threat detection capabilities through every hunt execution. The incumbent will be a member of the Cyber Threat Hunting...Frontend DeveloperCactus Communications RemoteAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Dec 17, 2020Full-timeAbout the Job Join us and be a part of a start-up cell of a large international company where you will be working with state-of-the-art technology, make use of NLP and Machine Learning, and where your career can grow exponentially. You will be part of the Paperpal team powered by CACTUS, where we are rethinking how science is communicated and helping scientists write better science smarter. You will be part of an international working environment with employees across the EU and Asia, who work together to build cutting-edge web experiences and APIs used globally by scientists. This is a remote working opportunity . Responsibilities: Write new functionality in an existing frontend framework, a modern tech stack with React, Node.js, Redux and Typescript , with focus on the Typescript part of the stack Working with tools, technologies and plugin architectures that will challenge your abilities to write and work in asynchronous editing scenarios to achieve...Business Intelligence EngineerAmazon Seattle, WA, USAAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Dec 11, 2020Full-timeAs we strive to be Earth's most customer-centric company, Amazon has reinvented how hundreds of millions of people shop online – providing customers with the opportunity to find and discover virtually anything they want to buy and providing millions of sellers with a platform for growing successful businesses. We are looking for an exceptional business analyst to help us develop new ways to build trust and loyalty with sellers, a crucial component of our flywheel Sellers’ trust in Amazon is our top priority and in this role, you will be tasked with building that trust over time by diving deep into how we measure our progress and helping to identify and prioritize key areas of focus. Amazon’s growth requires leaders who move fast, have an entrepreneurial spirit to create new solutions, have an unrelenting tenacity to get things done, and are capable of breaking down and solving complex problems. The successful candidate will be a self-starter, comfortable...Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting EventsCompetitive Balance Analytics RemotePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Dec 03, 2020Full-timePosition: Quantitative Modeler - US Sporting Events Location: Remote (US) Looking for a talented and highly motivated Quantitative Modeler for a unique and exciting opportunity to work with a small team to accurately predict the outcomes of future US sporting events. Candidate must have a strong understanding the wagering markets involving these events. Candidate should have hands-on experience with statistical modeling. Ideal candidates will also have experience in traditional data science (analyzing data) and more modern data science (AI, deep learning). Candidates must be capable of working in a remote environment. Required Qualifications: Python (scripting, numpy, scipy, matplotlib, scikit-learn, jupyter notebooks) Experience with machine learning algorithms, such as neural networks/deep learning, SVM, XGBoost, Random Forest, generalized linear models, etc. Understanding of Sports Wagering Markets Experience with Amazon Web...Senior Manager / Associate Director - Data Strategy & GovernanceGilead Sciences Foster City, CA, USAThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...May 04, 2020Full-timeThis position is responsible for maintaining data sanctity by taking ownership of data management process across multiple systems and providing the business acumen to monitor data quality, maintaining business rules and providing cross-functional support on data management related projects. This role will be a trusted advisor to the commercial organization on everything data management. This role would also entail being the business owner of Cloud strategy and execution for the commercial operations group. Core job responsibilities include: Own data management work streams from end to end which includes fidelity in operations of data warehouse as well as governance process around it. Identify, prioritize and execute tools and capabilities needed for downstream users which includes analytics teams and other sales operations teams Lead cloud strategy from commercial operations team representing all commercial analytics teams Influence the design of the analytics...Load MoreCompanyAboutContactReviewsAdvertiseExploreInsightsFAQPro TipsIT Job BoardFollowFlipboardLinkedInTwitterInstagram© 2021 · icrunchdata, LLC · Terms of Use · Privacy Policy® icrunchdata is a registered trademark"
