"Browse Our JobsSkip to contentBrowse Our JobsHQRETAIL/STORE MANAGEMENTDISTRIBUTION CENTERSCUSTOMER CONTACT CENTERTALENT COMMUNITYView ProfileHQRETAIL/STORE MANAGEMENTDISTRIBUTION CENTERSCUSTOMER CONTACT CENTERTALENT COMMUNITYView ProfileFeatured JobsHQRETAIL/STORE MANAGEMENTDISTRIBUTION CENTERSCUSTOMER CONTACT CENTERTalent CommunityView ProfileJOIN THE J.CREW TEAMWhether you’re taking the first step toward beginning your career or are a professional looking for an exciting new opportunity, we offer a wide array of challenging and creative paths at our stores, our NYC HQ, our distribution centers and our customer contact center. Plus, wherever you go, you’ll find great work, good vibes and an amazing community of smart, dedicated coworkers. Speaking of community… At J.Crew, we believe a diverse work environment is key to creating strong teams and fostering an inclusive experience for our associates and our customers.JOIN THE J.CREW TEAMWhether you’re taking the first step toward beginning your career or are a professional looking for an exciting new opportunity, we offer a wide array of challenging and creative paths at our stores, our NYC HQ, our distribution centers and our customer contact center. Plus, wherever you go, you’ll find great work, good vibes and an amazing community of smart, dedicated coworkers. Speaking of community… At J.Crew, we believe a diverse work environment is key to creating strong teams and fostering an inclusive experience for our associates and our customers.Search by KeywordSearch by LocationSearch by Postal Code Search by LocationSearch by Postal CodeDistanceSearch by Postal Code Search by Location2 mi 5 mi 10 mi 30 mi 50 miHQLocated in New York City’s Financial District, our home office at 225 Liberty Street has water views, a close proximity to one of the largest transit hubs in the city and an airy open floor plan that invites collaboration and creativity. The offices here house multiple teams, including design, merchandising, marketing, human resources, finance, legal and more. And the building is LEED® certified, which means our “green” offices are equipped with occupancy sensors and energy-efficient lighting.See all corporate jobsSTORESOur creativity, passion and hard work behind the scenes come to life in our stores. We search for team members who share our passion for exceeding expectations in all that they do. You’ll drive performance, build relationships and find new ways to innovate in an inclusive setting. We offer flexible schedules and the opportunity to work with quality products we can all be proud of (not to mention a great associate discount!).See all store jobsDISTRIBUTION CENTERS & CUSTOMER CONTACT CENTEROur distribution center teams are responsible for the strategic transportation and distribution of merchandise through J.Crew’s multichannel supply chain. Associates at our customer contact center support our customers with expert problem solving and advice via phone, email, Twitter and web chat. Join our teams in leafy Asheville, North Carolina, or historic Lynchburg, Virginia.See all distribution and customer contact center jobsHQLocated in New York City’s Financial District, our home office at 225 Liberty Street has water views, a close proximity to one of the largest transit hubs in the city and an airy open floor plan that invites collaboration and creativity. The offices here house multiple teams, including design, merchandising, marketing, human resources, finance, legal and more. And the building is LEED® certified, which means our “green” offices are equipped with occupancy sensors and energy-efficient lighting.See all corporate jobsSTORESOur creativity, passion and hard work behind the scenes come to life in our stores. We search for team members who share our passion for exceeding expectations in all that they do. You’ll drive performance, build relationships and find new ways to innovate in an inclusive setting. We offer flexible schedules and the opportunity to work with quality products we can all be proud of (not to mention a great associate discount!).See all store jobsDISTRIBUTION CENTERS & CUSTOMER CONTACT CENTEROur distribution center teams are responsible for the strategic transportation and distribution of merchandise through J.Crew’s multichannel supply chain. Associates at our customer contact center support our customers with expert problem solving and advice via phone, email, Twitter and web chat. Join our teams in leafy Asheville, North Carolina, or historic Lynchburg, Virginia.See all distribution and customer contact center jobsFEATURED JOBSHome OfficeStoresDistribution CenterCall CenterInternationalInternshipsAll J.Crew JobsENJOY SOME WELL-EARNED PERKS & BENEFITSHEALTH & WELL-BEINGWe’ve got you covered through healthcare plans and other services with our providers. Eligible associates and family members receive medical, dental and vision insurance, annual preventative screenings, smoking cessation and weight-loss support, fitness discounts and more.Note: Program eligibility subject to location and role.PERSONAL & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTWe strongly believe in our associates’ personal and professional growth by offering on-site, virtual and digital learning experiences, as well as other development resources and programs. Open jobs are always posted internally, and we aim to promote from within.FINANCIAL HEALTHWe know how hard our associates work, and we’re dedicated to help you plan toward your financial goals. J.Crew provides competitive pay and a robust 401(k) plan with company match, FSAs, HSA, financial literacy classes, commuter benefits and more.TIME AWAYFrom the trip of a lifetime to family milestones and unexpected events, we have a range of options to help you take needed time away from work. We offer paid-time off, generous paid parental leave for all parents (mothers and fathers, biological and adoptive) and flexible leave policies for unexpected or specific needs.J.CREW CARES & GIVING BACKWe believe our associates are one of our most powerful agents for change. The J.Crew Cares program helps create opportunities to give back—from volunteer projects to charitable donations—and support the communities where we (and our customers) live and work. Learn MoreDISCOUNTS & PERKSWe offer a generous discount for associates and eligible family members, an associate referral bonus and other discounts with various retailers and service providers.ENJOY SOME WELL-EARNED PERKS & BENEFITSHEALTH & WELL-BEINGWe’ve got you covered through healthcare plans and other services with our providers. Eligible associates and family members receive medical, dental and vision insurance, annual preventative screenings, smoking cessation and weight-loss support, fitness discounts and more.Note: Program eligibility subject to location and role.PERSONAL & PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENTWe strongly believe in our associates’ personal and professional growth by offering on-site, virtual and digital learning experiences, as well as other development resources and programs. Open jobs are always posted internally, and we aim to promote from within.FINANCIAL HEALTHWe know how hard our associates work, and we’re dedicated to help you plan toward your financial goals. J.Crew provides competitive pay and a robust 401(k) plan with company match, FSAs, HSA, financial literacy classes, commuter benefits and more.TIME AWAYFrom the trip of a lifetime to family milestones and unexpected events, we have a range of options to help you take needed time away from work. We offer paid-time off, generous paid parental leave for all parents (mothers and fathers, biological and adoptive) and flexible leave policies for unexpected or specific needs.J.CREW CARES & GIVING BACKWe believe our associates are one of our most powerful agents for change. The J.Crew Cares program helps create opportunities to give back—from volunteer projects to charitable donations—and support the communities where we (and our customers) live and work. Learn MoreDISCOUNTS & PERKSWe offer a generous discount for associates and eligible family members, an associate referral bonus and other discounts with various retailers and service providers.JOIN USWe’re hosting events near you! Join us for hiring events, influencer talks, benefit events, and more at one of our in-store events. Click here to find out more.JOIN OUR TALENT NETWORKEnter your email address to tell us about yourself. We will keep you informed about job opportunities and events that match your interests.E-mail AddressAlready a member?View ProfileHOMEVIEW ALL JOBSPRIVACY POLICY"
