"Augustana College Illinois, Mathematics‌New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us|HelpAugustana College Illinois, MathematicsPosition ID: 532-DACHAIR [#12151, #101-19]Position Title: Endowed Chair - Data AnalyticsPosition Type: Tenured/Tenure-track facultyPosition Location: Rock Island, Illinois 61201, United States [map]Subject Areas: Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, Mathematics, MIS, AccountingApplication Deadline: finished (2018/07/23, finished 2019/08/28)Position Description:*** The account for Mathematics, Augustana College Illinois has expired and new applications are no longer being accepted. ***Data Science & Analytics Program – Augustana College, Rock Island, Illinois, invites applications for Chair of the newly created Data Science & Analytics Program beginning the 2019-2020 academic year. Augustana College is a selective liberal arts college of approximately 2,500 students, most of whom live on a wooded 115-acre campus. Rock Island, Illinois, is part of the Illinois-Iowa Quad Cities along the Mississippi River, a diverse metropolitan area with 400,000 residents, located about three hours west of Chicago and 45 minutes east of Iowa City, home of the University of Iowa.The successful candidate will oversee both the major in data science and minor in data analytics, and will have the opportunity to shape this exciting new program. PhD degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Data Science, Management Information Systems, Mathematics, Accounting, or a related field preferred. Candidates with a Master’s degree and significant relevant experience, including teaching and industry experience will be considered. Candidates should demonstrate the ability to bring excellence and innovation into the classroom, maintain a continuing record of scholarship, and possess attributes leading to successful professional service. Candidates should have expertise in areas such as big data, data analytics, data visualization, spatial data, database management, software development, data security, or other related areas.Questions may be directed to search committee chair, Jon Clauss at jonclauss@augustana.edu. Review of applications has begun and will continue until the position is filled. A complete application includes:letter of applicationcurriculum vitaecopy of graduate transcriptsstatement of teaching philosophyevidence of teaching effectivenesswriting samplethree letters of recommendation (including contact information)To apply, please email application materials to sherrydocherty@augustana.edu using the subject line: Search #101-19 Data Science & Analytics and directed to Wendy Hilton-Morrow. Alternatively, application materials can mailed to: Search #101-19 Data Science & Analytics, C/O Wendy Hilton-Morrow, Dean of the College, Augustana College, 639 – 38th Street, Rock Island, IL 61201. Details about Augustana College, our expectation of the faculty, the selection process and the Quad Cities all are available at the Faculty Search website: http://www.augustanafaculty.org.Augustana College is an equal opportunity employer and actively encourages applications from women and persons of diverse ethnic backgrounds. We do not discriminate based on age, race, color, ethnic origin, gender, sexual orientation, disability or creed.Application Materials Required:Submit the following items online at this website to complete your application:Cover letterCurriculum VitaeResearch statementTeaching statementCopy of Graduate transcriptEvidence of teaching effectivenessThree or more reference letters (to be submitted online by the reference writers at this site )Further Info:http://www.augustanafaculty.org309.794.7260639 - 38th StreetRock Island, IL61201New Employer|View Jobs|Registered Employers|Contact Us|Help© 2021 MathJobs.Org, American Mathematical Society. All Rights Reserved."
