"International Support Specialist (m/f/d) - ctrl QSHomeServicesWhy ctrl QSCasesClientsAbout UsJoin UsContactCreated with Sketch.HomeServicesWhy ctrl QSCasesClientsAbout UsJoin UsContactInternational Support Specialist (m/f/d)At ctrl QS we address the challenges faced by global brands when operating their digital activities worldwide. Offering a specialized range of services, we achieve operational excellence internationally to go hand in hand with advancing technology. Our track record of achievements is based on the contribution of every team member and has resulted in close and trusting relationships with our clients who see us as part of their team. Working at ctrl QS is to be at the forefront of the world’s corporate digital transformation. Located in the heart of Berlin, we steer international digital activities for some of the world’s top global brands like NIVEA, Montblanc, IWC Schaffhausen, GROHE and la prairie. We are unique in our positioning focusing on what we do best. A job with us combines working in a fast-paced professional environment and being part of a young-spirited, agile, collaborative, and multicultural team of more than 100 permanent team members from over 30 nations. Our working language is English. We are continuously learning and growing, offering careers in a wide variety of directions with the possibility to develop and take on new responsibilities quickly. Our account teams consist of Account Managers and Directors, Project and Content Managers, Rollout Managers, International Support Specialists, Technical Experts as well as Trainers. Our success is based on sustainable and healthy growth and we put our team, values and client satisfaction first. Our clients trust us when giving us access to their internal worlds and running vital parts of their business. Exceeding expectations is what we aim for. Working with us means working in a multicultural, fast-paced and service-oriented environment with the opportunity to continuously learn and develop. We grow paths for careers in a wide variety of directions. Our success is based on sustainable and healthy growth, and we put our team, values and client satisfaction first. Our working language is English. We are continuously learning and growing, offering careers in a wide variety of directions with the possibility to develop and take on new responsibilities quickly. Our account teams consist of Account Managers and Directors, Project and Content Managers, Rollout Managers, International Support Specialists, Technical Experts as well as Trainers. Our success is based on sustainable and healthy growth and we put our team, values and client satisfaction first.Created with Sketch.What you’ll doSolving problems. You will support our clients in managing their digital activities by handling their requests on digital topics. You will manage the requests through ticketing systems, email, chat function or via the phone. To fix our clients’ issues, you will also coordinate with various of our partners including developing, technical and creative agencies.Connecting. You will represent the interests from our clients’ headquarters in local markets while you equally ensure to understand and transmit local needs back to HQ. You are keen to understand the brand image of our client and to protect it through ensuring that processes and guidelines are met.Breaking complex matters down. You will liaise with development teams and technical support teams to translate technical information into easy-to-understand instructions for end users.Supporting teams globally. Through your expert support, you drive digital savviness with our clients’ local affiliates. You ensure our clients gain system proficiency in their content management systems, eCRM tools, tracking tools and support them in managing their digital marketing activities.Ensuring quality. You ensure quality objectives are met and deliver excellent service by providing solutions to requests in a proactive, helpful and professional manner always. You competently coordinate and manage requests and small projects with clients and partner agencies.Building relationships. You will build a professional and positive relationship with the teams of our clients and partners.What you can offerStructured way of working. You have an independent and structured way of working. Before you start a task, you reflect on the most efficient way of completing it. You multitask, but also strictly follow priorities when necessary.Love for quality and service oriented mindset. You genuinely enjoy helping others to solve their problems and providing great quality.Communication and relationship building. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills: you interact confidently in an international and intercultural dynamic surrounding. You love to build connections to people and communities across the globe. Fluent English skills both orally and written, German skills advantageous.Problem solving. You are innovative when it comes to finding solutions and workarounds to our clients’ problems. You communicate your solutions charmingly and implement them skillfully.Digital savviness. Understanding of digital technologies and experience in working with tools (ideally content management systems). Strong digital affinity and passion for technical solutions. You are eager to dive into complex state-of the art system worlds.Experience. Experience in the digital work environment, preferably in working with content management systems, PIMs and/or DAMs. Experience working in corporate environments is advantageous.Want to join us?Apply hereReach out anytime with questions or collaborations.ctrl QS GmbHSchützenstrasse 6-6a10117 BerlinP +49 (0)30 44032520E contact@ctrl-qs.comCopyright © 2021 ctrl QS GmbH — Rollout Management for Digital ProjectsImprintPrivacy PolicySite by MoreSleep"
